["musical artist    entity is an American guitarist. A member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame since 2001 , Burton has also been recognized by the Rockabilly Hall of Fame and the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum. Critic Mark Deming writes that \"Burton has a well-deserved reputation as one of the finest guitar pickers in either country or rock ... Burton is one of the best guitar players to ever touch a fretboard.\" He is ranked number 19 in Rolling Stone list of 100 Greatest Guitarists.", "musical artist    entity is an American guitarist, member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. However, he is mostly considered Elvis Presley's guitarist from 1969 until the latter's death in 1977. He is also a very prolific studio guitarist. He continues to play with former Elvis musicians, Ronnie Thut on drums, Glen D. Hardin on piano, Jerry Scheff on electric bass.", "album    entity is a solo album by British singer-songwriter David Sylvian, released in March 1999. It was his first solo album in 12 years since Secrets of the Beehive. The album peaked at no. 31 in the UK Albums Chart at release and contained his last UK Top 40 single to date in \"I Surrender\" . In 2018, the album was released on double vinyl for the first time for Record Store Day. This pressing included four songs originally intended for the album , and a restructured track order.", "album    entity is David Sylvian's fifth solo album, released in 1999.", "soccer manager    entity is a Dominican former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Texas Rangers, Tampa Bay Rays, Detroit Tigers, San Diego Padres, Seattle Mariners, Toronto Blue Jays, Philadelphia Phillies, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Washington Nationals.", "soccer manager    entity is a right-handed Major League baseball pitcher with the San Diego Padres.", "government agency    entity is the land service branch of the United States Armed Forces. It is one of the eight U.S. uniformed services, and is designated as the Army of the United States in the U.S. Constitution. As the oldest and most senior branch of the U.S. military in order of precedence, the modern U.S. Army has its roots in the Continental Army, which was formed 14 June 1775 to fight the American Revolutionary War \u2014before the United States was established as a country. After the Revolutionary War, the Congress of the Confederation created the United States Army on 3 June 1784 to replace the disbanded Continental Army. entity considers itself to be a continuation of the Continental Army, and thus considers its institutional inception to be the origin of", "government agency    entity is the United States Army. It is one of five branches of the United States Armed Forces.", "village    entity is a commune in the French department of C\u00f4te-d'Or, in Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9. The village was awarded membership in Les Plus Beaux Villages de France .", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of C\u00f4te-d'Or in the Burgundy region. The old town is listed among the most beautiful villages in France. It is also the only place where Anis de Flavigny is produced.", "village    entity is Scotland's fourth-largest city and the 51st-most-populous built-up area in the United Kingdom. The mid-year population estimate for 2016 was 148,280, giving entity a population density of 2,478/km2 or 6,420/sq mi, the second-highest in Scotland. It lies within the eastern central Lowlands on the north bank of the Firth of Tay, which feeds into the North Sea. Under the name of entity City, it forms one of the 32 council areas used for local government in Scotland.", "village    entity is a city in north-east Scotland approximately 100 km north of Edinburgh, on the north bank of the River Tay estuary, near the east coast of the North Sea. It is the fourth largest city in Scotland, with a population of 143,090, rising to around 170,000 if the areas forming part of the conurbation but not the council area of \u200b\u200bthe city are included. .", "album    entity is a Spanish dance song by Los del R\u00edo about a woman of the same name. Appearing on the 1993 album A m\u00ed me gusta, it was an international hit and dance craze in the latter half of 1996 and part of 1997. The song got the group ranked the \"No. 1 Greatest One-Hit Wonder of All Time\" by VH1 in 2002. The song uses a type of clave rhythm. In 2012, it was ranked No. 7 on Billboard's All Time Top 100. It also ranked at No. 1 on Billboard's All Time Latin Songs.", "album    entity is a song by the Spanish group Los del R\u00edo released in 1993. Appeared on the album entitled A m\u00ed me gusta in 1994, the single became a real worldwide success between the years 1995 and 1996. In 2002, the song was classified as first place in the \"100 greatest one-hit wonders\" according to the American cable music channel VH1. The video clip was directed by Vincent Calvet.", "prefecture    entity is a department in the Grand Est region of France, bordering both Germany and Switzerland. It is named after the river Rhine. Its name means Upper Rhine. entity is the smaller and less populated of the two departments of the former administrative Alsace region, the other being the Bas-Rhin . Especially after the 1871 cession of the southern territory known since 1922 as Territoire de Belfort, although it is still densely populated compared to the rest of metropolitan France.", "prefecture    entity is a French department that is part of the Alsace region with Colmar as its prefecture. Its inhabitants are called entityois. Insee and La Poste give it the code 68. entity occupies the southern part of Alsace. Most of the department is located in the plain of Alsace, on the whole eastern part, with the natural regions of Ried in the North-East and Hardt in the South-East.", "video game    entity is an isometric platform game released by Sega for arcades in 1983. The game includes a ROM that contains a message indicating it was likely coded at least in part by the company Ikegami Tsushinki. The game is viewed in an isometric perspective, like Sega's previous game Zaxxon .", "video game    entity is a platform video game released in 1983 on an arcade terminal, then ported to different platforms. The game was developed and published by Sega.", "musical artist    entity is a Danish musician best known as the drummer and co-founder of American heavy metal band Metallica. The son and grandson respectively of tennis players Torben and Einer Ulrich, he played tennis in his youth and moved to Los Angeles at age 16 to train professionally. However, rather than playing tennis, Ulrich began playing drums. After publishing an advertisement in The Recycler, Ulrich met James Hetfield and formed Metallica.", "musical artist    entity is the drummer for the metal band Metallica. He and James Hetfield are the two founders and permanent members of the band.", "village    entity is a commune in the H\u00e9rault department in the Occitanie region in southern France. entity may also refer to a sandwich popular in the region, primarily consisting of roast beef.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of H\u00e9rault in the Languedoc-Roussillon region.", "album    entity was a record label founded by R&B singer Akon. The label served as a joint-venture deal between Jimmy Iovine and Interscope Records. Notable artists briefly signed to the label include Lady Gaga, Kardinal Offishall, Colby O'Donis, Brick & Lace, Mali Music, Natalia Kills, Jeffree Star and R. City.", "album    entity is a label founded by Senegalese singer/producer Akon in 2006.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Canadian singer Justin Bieber for his fourth studio album Purpose . The song was released on August 28, 2015, as the album's lead single by Def Jam. The song was produced by MdL and co-produced by Bieber.It was featured in several year-end lists of best songs of 2015. Commercially, the song topped the charts in several countries, including Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, and Norway. In Australia, the United States and the United Kingdom, entity was Bieber's first number-one single. The song's music video features Bieber in bed with a young woman and getting kidnapped by masked men, as well as an appearance from actor John Leguizamo. Since its release Bieber has mentioned that the song is about his relationship with Selena Gomez.", "album    entity is a single by Canadian singer Justin Bieber, present in fourth album Purpose. The single was announced on July 28, 2015 and released on August 28, 2015.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 578 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac , Moravica district. At the 2011 census, it had 471 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a municipality in the Vorpommern-R\u00fcgen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.", "village    entity is a municipality on the island of R\u00fcgen, in the district of West Pomerania-R\u00fcgen, Land of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.", "album    entity is a song by English alternative rock band Muse and is featured on their third studio album, Absolution. It was also released as a single from that album on 1 December 2003 in the United Kingdom, peaking at number 17 in the UK Singles Chart . The song is also well known for its intricate bass line, which was voted the sixth best bass line of all time on MusicRadar. It reached number 9 in the US on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart.", "album    entity is a song by alternative rock band Muse, third single from the album Absolution. It is characterized by a particularly original bass line and coupled with a fuzz pedal: the Wooly Mammoth Zvex. Commonly covered live, it's one of the band's most popular tracks.", "village    entity is a commune in the Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9 in eastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire in the Burgundy region.", "comics creator    entity is the thirteenth letter of the modern English alphabet and the ISO basic Latin alphabet. Its name in English is em , plural ems.", "comics creator    entity is the title of Vanessa Paradis' first album, released when she was 15. The initials refer to Marilyn Monroe and John Kennedy.", "village    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Basse-Normandie region, populated by 127 inhabitants.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman. He currently plays with HC Yugra of the Supreme Hockey League .", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "album    entity are a largely British electronic band formed in Liverpool in 1999. The group consists of Helen Marnie , Mira Aroyo , Daniel Hunt , and Reuben Wu . They have released six studio albums: 604 , Light & Magic , Witching Hour , Velocifero , Gravity the Seducer and entity . They also issued the live album Live at London Astoria 16.07.08 in 2009 and the compilation album Best of 00\u201310 in 2011. They have produced remixes for artists such as David Gahan, Erasure, Goldfrapp, Apoptygma Berzerk, Placebo, Blondie, Gang of Four, Christina Aguilera, Nine Inch Nails, Bloc Party, Kings of Convenience, Soulwax and R\u00f3is\u00edn Murphy.", "album    entity are an electronic music group formed in Liverpool, UK, in 1999. Their name refers to a song by Roxy Music. They use a lot of old analog synthesizers. The lyrics, often obscure, are mainly made up of snippets of daily life. They are sometimes written in Bulgarian by Mira Aroyo, a member of the group originally from Bulgaria. In addition to synthesizers, the band uses guitar, bass and drums in concert.", "island    entity is an archipelagic country in the Indian subcontinent of Asia, situated in the Indian Ocean. It lies southwest of Sri Lanka and India, about 750 kilometres from the Asian continent's mainland. The chain of 26 atolls stretches from Ihavandhippolhu Atoll in the north to Addu Atoll in the south . Comprising a territory spanning roughly 90,000 square kilometres including the sea, land area of all the islands comprises 298 square kilometres , Maldives is one of the world's most geographically dispersed sovereign states as well as the smallest Asian country by land area and, with around 557,", "island    entity is a South Asian country made up of 1,199 islands, 202 of which are inhabited, located in the southwest of the Indian subcontinent. A distance of 608 km separates Mal\u00e9, the capital, from Thiruvananthapuram, in India. The land area is 298 km out of the 21,372.72 km of the country's total area, including lagoons.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenseman. He was selected third overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks and spent four seasons with the club before being traded to the Minnesota Wild in 2010. Internationally, Barker played for the Canadian national team, and won back-to-back gold medals at the 2005 and 2006 World Junior Championships with the junior team. He is widely regarded as a top draft bust.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player.", "film    entity is a 1998 British television series written and directed by Joe Ahearne and starring Jack Davenport, Susannah Harker, Idris Elba, and Philip Quast. The music was composed and performed by Sue Hewitt. The programme was produced by World Productions for Channel 4.", "film    entity is a six-episode, 50-minute British television series, created by produced by Joe Ahearne, produced by Chalkboarder, Viacom International and Channel 4 and broadcast between 15 September 1998 and 20 October 1998 on Channel 4. In France, the series was broadcast from January 27, 2001 on S\u00e9rie Club and from September 24, 2005 on France 4.", "comics creator    entity is also named after him. He also devoted much effort to realising his vision of a Cape to Cairo Railway through British territory. Rhodes set up the provisions of the Rhodes Scholarship, which is funded by his estate.", "comics creator    entity was a British businessman and politician, founder of the British South Africa Company and the De Beers diamond company, Prime Minister of the Cape Colony of South Africa and founder of Rhodesia in l honor of which she was baptized.", "album    entity is a song by the Danish-Norwegian dance-pop group Aqua from their second studio album, Aquarius. It was released as the album's second single in April 2000 and was their final release in the United Kingdom before their split in mid-2001. The song became their second and final top-ten single from the album in Denmark, and it reached the top 20 in Italy, Norway, Spain, and Sweden.", "album    entity is a single by Aqua from their second album Aquarius.", "political party    entity is included in the \"European Union list of terrorist persons and organizations\" as a component of ETA. Right after having been banned, Batasuna still managed to organize or support some rallies, public actions and several workplace strikes. The Spanish ruling was appealed before and, later on, confirmed by the European Court of Human Rights.", "political party    entity was a far-left Basque independence political party, mainly active in Spain, the Basque Country and Navarre. The organization appeared until 2009 on the official list of terrorist organizations of the European Union.", "film    entity is an album by bassist Charlie Haden, saxophonist Jan Garbarek and guitarist Egberto Gismonti recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label in 1981. The album follows the trio's first recording Magico .", "film    entity is an album by Jan Garbarek, Charlie Haden and Egberto Gismonti released in 1979 on the Edition of Contemporary Music label. It is a trio disc with Jan Garbarek on tenor and soprano saxophone, Charlie Haden on double bass and Egberto Gismonti on guitar. The album is recorded in Oslo by Jan Erik Kongshaug.", "village    entity is a consolidated city-parish located along the Mississippi River in the southeastern region of the U.S. state of Louisiana. With a tabulated population of 383,997 in 2020, it is the most populous city in Louisiana. Serving as a major port, New Orleans is considered an economic and commercial hub for the broader Gulf Coast region of the United States.", "village    entity is the largest city in the state of Louisiana, United States. With a population of 383,997 and 1,270,530 in its metropolitan area, according to the last official census of the United States Census Bureau, the city is located on the banks of the Mississippi, not far from its delta, on the southern banks from Lake Pontchartrain.", "comedian    entity is a Northern Irish singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer whose recording career spans seven decades. He has won two Grammy Awards.", "comedian    entity is a Northern Irish author and composer.", "village    entity is a department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9 region in France. It is named after the rivers Sa\u00f4ne and Loire, between which it lies, in the country's central-eastern part.", "village    entity is a French department of Burgundy whose prefecture is Macon. Insee and the Post office assign it the code 71. It is the most populated department of Burgundy.", "single    entity is now known as the Boveri-Sutton chromosome theory.", "single    entity is an American physician and geneticist best known for his contributions to chromosome theory.", "album    entity is a studio album by Luke Vibert, released in 2003 on Warp. It was originally shipped from Warpmart with a sheet of glow-in-the-dark stickers. The album is dedicated to the memories of Peter Walker and Rob Mitchell.", "album    entity is an electronic music album by Luke Vibert, released in 2003 on the Warp Records label.", "mountain range    entity are a range of the Southern Limestone Alps in Austria and northeastern Italy. They are within Austrian East Tyrol and Carinthia, and Italian Friuli and marginally in Veneto.", "mountain range    entity is the highest point of the massif.", "village    entity is the capital, primate, and most populous city of Finland. Located on the shore of the Gulf of Finland, it is the seat of the region of Uusimaa in southern Finland, and has a population of 656,250. The city's urban area has a population of 1,268,296, making it by far the most populous urban area in Finland as well as the country's most important center for politics, education, finance, culture, and research; while Tampere in the Pirkanmaa region, located 179 kilometres to the north from entity, is the second largest urban area in Finland. entity is located 80 kilometres north of Tallinn, Estonia, 400 km (", "village    entity is the capital of Finland. With 642,045 inhabitants in the municipality and 1,456,619 in Greater entity, it is the largest city in Finland. entity is the northernmost capital in the world after Reykjavik, the capital of Iceland. The city has the highest immigrant population in the whole country; more than 130 nationalities reside there. It spreads over a peninsula surrounded by a large number of islands and is strongly characterized by the presence of water. entity is a p", "album    entity is a music genre characterized by loose and lengthy song structures centered on instrumental textures that typically produce a hypnotic, otherworldly sound. It may feature distorted and reverberation-laden guitars, minimal drumming, languid vocals, synthesizers and lyrical themes of outer space and science fiction.", "album    entity is less sophisticated than progressive rock, offers more mature and less experimental music than psychedelic rock. It is based on hovering atmospheres and on powerful and effective rhythms associated with repetitive musical motifs.", "album    entity is a song by English rock band The Who written by group bassist John Entwistle. The studio version , which appeared on the B-side of the live \"Summertime Blues\" single, is currently available only on the Thirty Years of Maximum R&B boxed set and Who's Missing, though several live versions of the song exist on official releases. The song was one of many Entwistle B-side singles and one of his live staples.", "album    entity is a song by British band The Who almost exclusively performed live. Written in the late 1960s by band bassist John Entwistle, it introduced every Who concert from 1968 to 1970.", "vice president    entity was an Australian statistician who made significant contributions to probability theory and its application to population and evolutionary genetics.", "vice president    entity is an Australian statistician who has made significant contributions to probability theory and its applications in population biology and population genetics.", "village    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Basse-Normandie region, populated by 215 inhabitants.", "album    entity is Olivia's second solo single released on May 12, 1999. It was used in commercials for Kanebo Cosmetics' Kate range, which featured Olivia as a spokesperson. The music video was shot on April 17, 1999.", "album    entity is Olivia's 2nd single released under the Cutting Edge label on May 12, 1999 in Japan. It peaked at number 29 on the Oricon chart, and remained ranked for 3 weeks, selling a total of 22,280 copies. entity was used as an advertising campaign for Kanebo Kate. entity is on the Synchronicity album.", "record label    entity is a Japanese video game developer, publisher, arcade manufacturer and distribution company based in Tokyo. A subsidiary of Sega, the company is internationally known for its Megami Tensei, Persona, Etrian Odyssey and Trauma Center series, among others. Its corporate mascot is Jack Frost, a snowman-like character from their Shin Megami Tensei series. Outside of video games, the company is also known for their Print Club arcade machines, which are selfie photo sticker booths popular in East Asia.", "record label    entity is a Japanese video game publishing and development company, founded in April 1986 in Tokyo. She is best known for developing the Megami Tensei role-playing game franchise. The first Megami Tensei was an NES console video game published by Namco based on a trilogy of novels, but after the second game, entity published the rest of the series. The company's mascot is Shin Megami Tensei's Jack Frost.", "film    entity is a French film of 1938, directed by Jean Renoir. A vast political, social, and military panorama of the French Revolution up to the autumn of 1792, its many episodes range from the life of ordinary working people through the committed bourgeois struggling for change up to those in the upper echelons of society defending the status quo.", "film    entity is a French film directed by Jean Renoir, released in 1938.", "film    entity is a 1973 Soviet adventure comedy directed by Georgiy Daneliya based on Mark Twain's 1884 novel Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Cinematography by Vadim Yusov. It was entered into the 1974 Cannes Film Festival.", "film    entity is a Soviet comedy directed by Georgy Danielia, released in 1973. The film is an adaptation of Mark Twain's novel The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, published in 1884.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American rock band Shinedown. It was announced on January 3, 2012, the same day as the first single, \"Bully,\" was released, for release on March 27, with pre-orders opening on January 17. A music video for the song \"Unity\" was released on March 12. An e-book about the making of entity, titled For Your Sake: Inside the Making of entity, was released concurrently with the album. On October 22, 2014, the album was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales of over 500,000 copies.", "album    entity is Shinedown's fourth musical album released in 2012.", "album    entity is the second studio album from musician Richard Hawley, released in the UK in October 2001 by Setanta Records. Named after the cry of vendors selling the Sheffield Star evening newspaper on the streets of his home city, it was released to positive reviews. A single, \"Baby, You're My Light\" was released from the album in February 2002, reaching #81 in the UK Singles Chart.", "album    entity is an album written by Richard Hawley and released in 2001.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish former professional ice hockey defenceman. He last played for Lukko of the Finnish Liiga.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "album    entity is the third and last single from the final John Lennon and Yoko Ono album Milk and Honey. In it, Lennon celebrates his enthusiasm for the night life of New York City, and makes tongue-in-cheek reference to his \"househusband\" period. It reached No.\u200988 in the UK Singles chart, and in the US at No.\u200955 in the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 57 on the Cashbox Top 100. The B-side features Ono's \"Sleepless Night.\"", "album    entity is a song by John Lennon. Recorded in anticipation of the Double Fantasy album, its release was finally postponed. She finally appeared in first position on the album Milk and Honey in 1984. She also released a single that same year but failed to rank high on the charts. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "vice president    entity is a Burkinab\u00e9 former politician who was president of Burkina Faso from 1987 to 2014. He was a top associate of President Thomas Sankara during the 1980s, and in October 1987, he led a coup d'\u00e9tat during which Sankara was killed. Subsequently, he introduced a policy of \"rectification\", overturning the leftist and Third Worldist policies pursued by Sankara. He won elections in 1991, 1998, 2005, and 2010 in what were considered unfair circumstances. His attempt to amend the constitution to extend his 27-year term caused the 2014 Burkinab\u00e9 uprising. On 31 October 2014, Compaor\u00e9 resigned, whereupon he fled to Ivory Coast.", "vice president    Blaise Compaore", "village    entity is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the \u00cele-de-France region in north-central France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Seine-et-Marne in the \u00cele-de-France region. Its inhabitants are called Curtib\u00e9hardiens. At the last census of 2012, the town had 2,020 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a commune in the Loire department in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Loire department in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played in the National Hockey League with the Montreal Canadiens. Carle was selected by the Canadiens in the second round, 53rd overall, of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. Prior to turning professional, Carle played in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League with the Acadie\u2013Bathurst Titan and Rouyn-Noranda Huskies.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by the Swedish rock band Europe. Released on 9 August 1988 through Epic Records, the album was a commercial success selling over 3 million units worldwide, peaking at number 19 on the US Billboard 200 chart and reaching high positions in charts worldwide. It was recorded at Olympic Studios and Townhouse Studios, London, England. entity is the first Europe album to feature former Easy Action and Noice guitarist Kee Marcello.", "album    entity is Europe's fourth studio album. It is also the first album made with the new guitarist Kee Marcello, replacing John Norum.", "village    entity is a Tano language spoken near Abidjan in Ivory Coast.", "village    entity is a Kwa language from the large family of Niger-Congo languages. It is spoken by the entitys in C\u00f4te d'Ivoire. In 1993 there were 55,120 speakers of this language.", "screen writer    entity is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter. He was a central figure in the New Hollywood filmmaking movement of the 1960s and 1970s. His accolades include five Academy Awards, six Golden Globe Awards, two Palmes d'Or, and a British Academy Film Award.", "screen writer    entity is an American director, producer and screenwriter born April 7, 1939 in Detroit, Michigan. He has won five Oscars and twice won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. Outside of show business, Coppola is also a winemaker, magazine editor and hotelier. He holds a degree from Hofstra University where he studied acting and earned an MFA in filmmaking from UCLA Film School.", "album    entity is a folk song written by Graham Nash in the late 1960s. The song appears on Crosby, Stills & Nash's critically acclaimed, self-titled debut album. The song is notable for taking its inspiration from fellow folk musician Joni Mitchell, with whom Nash was romantically involved at the time. It was also the only song from the debut album not performed during their Woodstock performance.", "album    entity is a song by Crosby, Stills & Nash, released in 1969 on the self-titled debut album Crosby, Stills & Nash. It was composed by Graham Nash. The song takes its inspiration from folk musician Joni Mitchell, with whom Nash was romantically involved at the time.", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "village    entity is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dordogne, in the Aquitaine region.", "screen writer    entity is a 2010 martial-arts action film written and directed by based on a story by Boaz Davidson. The film stars Josh Hartnett, Demi Moore, Woody Harrelson, Ron Perlman, Kevin McKidd, and Gackt and follows a young drifter in his quest for revenge. The title entity is derived from a 400-year-old form of Japanese puppet theater, a style of storytelling that uses 4-foot -tall puppets with highly detailed heads, each operated by several puppeteers who blend into the background wearing black robes and hoods.", "screen writer    entity is an American film directed and written by Guy Moshe, based on the story of Boaz Davidson, premiered in 2010 at the Toronto International Film Festival, Canada and then at Fantastic Fest in the USA.", "village    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.", "village    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Lot-et-Garonne department.", "album    entity is the third solo studio album by the hip hop artist Tragedy Khadafi. The album was released in 2001 after much delay, and included his 2000 single \"Bing Monsters\". The album reached #9 in the Billboard Top Heatseekers Album Chart. Tragedy \"dissed\" his then-former friend Noreaga on the tracks \"Crime Nationalist\" and \"Blood Type\", accusing him of stealing his rhyming style and even his hooks. They have since reconciled.", "album    entity is Tragedy Gaddafi's third studio album, released on June 5, 2001.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Spa-Francorchamps on June 5, 1955. It was race 4 of 7 in the 1955 World Championship of Drivers. The 36-lap race was won by Mercedes driver Juan Manuel Fangio after he started from second position. His teammate Stirling Moss finished second and Ferrari driver Nino Farina came in third.", "formula one team    Results of the 1955 Formula 1 Belgian Grand Prix held at the Spa-Francorchamps circuit on June 5, 1955.", "basketball team    entity was a Major League Baseball park in Cincinnati, Ohio. It was the home field of the National League's Cincinnati Reds from 1912 through June 24, 1970, and the original Cincinnati Bengals football team, members of the second and third American Football League . It was not the original home of the current NFL franchise of the same name: the home of those Bengals in 1968 and 1969 was nearby Nippert Stadium, located on the campus of the University of Cincinnati. entity was on an asymmetrical block bounded by Findlay Street , Western Avenue , Dalton Avenue , York Street and McLean Avenue in the Queensgate section of the city. Crosley has the distinction of being the first major-league park with lights for playin", "basketball team    entity is a former Major League Baseball stadium located in Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. It was home to the Cincinnati Reds of the National League from 1912 to June 24, 1970 and the original football team Cincinnati Bengals.", "video game    entity is a video game development company located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Klei was formed in July 2005 by Jamie Cheng. They are best known for Eets series, Shank series, Mark of the Ninja, Don't Starve, Invisible, Inc. and Oxygen Not Included. As of January 2021, Klei is a subsidiary of Chinese holding conglomerate Tencent.", "video game    entity is a Canadian video game development studio founded in July 2005 and located in Vancouver. The studio mainly develops downloadable games, distributed on the PlayStation Network, Steam and Xbox Live Arcade platforms. His most notable titles are Shank, Shank 2, Mark of the Ninja, and Don't Starve.", "village    entity is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Corse-du-Sud and the Corse region.", "military conflict    entity is generally considered to span the 1947 Truman Doctrine to the 1991 Dissolution of the Soviet Union . The term cold war is used because there was no large-scale fighting directly between the two superpowers, but they each supported major regional conflicts known as proxy wars. The conflict was based around the ideological and geopolitical struggle for global influence by these two superpowers, following their temporary alliance and victory against Nazi Germany in 1945. Aside from", "military conflict    entity was the period of tensions and ideological and political confrontations between the two superpowers that were the United States and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and, more broadly, between the communist regimes and all the regimes not communists.", "video game    entity is the psychological manipulation of people into performing actions or divulging confidential information. This differs from social engineering within the social sciences, which does not concern the divulging of confidential information. A type of confidence trick for the purpose of information gathering, fraud, or system access, it differs from a traditional \"con\" in that it is often one of many steps in a more complex fraud scheme.", "video game    entity is a platform game created by Antony Crowther and published by Alligata for the Commodore 64 and the BBC Micro in 1983, Acorn Electron, Amstrad CPC and MSX in 1984 and Commodore 16/Commodore Plus/4 in 1985. In some countries , this game was released as Gangster. Gameplay is similar to Manic Miner, also released in 1983.", "place    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Slipknot. Produced by Ross Robinson, it was featured on the band's second studio album Iowa and released as the lead single from the album on October 29, 2001. The single reached number 30 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart, number 24 on the UK Singles Chart and number 5 on the UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart. It was also nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 2002.", "place    entity is a song by metal band Slipknot. The song is released as a single from their second album Iowa.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Madonna from her 1983 self-titled debut studio album. It was released on February 15, 1984, by Sire Records as the album's fifth single and, years later, was also included on the singer's greatest hits albums The Immaculate Collection and Celebration . Written and composed by its producer Reggie Lucas, the song was remixed by Madonna's then-boyfriend John \"Jellybean\" Benitez. Lyrically, the track talks about an unfulfilled love and finds the singer using refined and expressive vocals.", "album    entity is the fifth and final single by American singer Madonna which appears on the album of the same name. It was released on February 15, 1984 under the Sire Records label. Written and composed by Reggie Lucas, the song is remixed by John Benitez, Madonna's boyfriend. In this song, which speaks of a one-sided love, she composes her voice to convey more feelings.", "album    entity were a five-piece English indie rock band formed in Sheffield, United Kingdom in 2003 by Dorian Cox , Reenie Hollis , Emma Chaplin , Kate Jackson and Screech Louder .", "album    entity was \"probably because they didn't have enough girls\". The group disappeared in 2008.", "actor    entity is an English pop singer, DJ and television presenter. She first saw success in 1981 with her debut single \"Kids in America\", which reached number two in the UK. In 1983, she received the Brit Award for Best British Female solo artist. In 1986, she had a UK number two hit with a reworked version of the Supremes' song \"You Keep Me Hangin' On\", which also topped the US Billboard Hot 100 in 1987. Between 1981 and 1996, she had 25 singles reach the Top 50 of the UK singles chart. Her other hits include \"Chequered Love\" , \"You Came\" and \"Never Trust a Stranger\" . In 2003, she collaborated with Nena on the song \"Anyplace, Anywhere, Anytime\", which topped the Dutch charts.", "actor    entity is a new wave singer and an icon of English popular culture of the 1980s.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in \u0141uk\u00f3w County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of Wojcieszk\u00f3w, which lies approximately 18 kilometres south of \u0141uk\u00f3w and 61 km north of the regional capital Lublin. The gmina covers an area of 108.61 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 7,005.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in the county of \u0141uk\u00f3w , Lublin , in eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of entity, which lies approximately 18 km south of \u0141 uk \u00f3 w and 61 km north of the regional capital Lublin. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b108.61 km2 with a population of 7,005 inhabitants.", "volcano    entity is a 1979 American action-adventure disaster film and a sequel to The Poseidon Adventure directed by Irwin Allen and starring Michael Caine and Sally Field. It was a critical and commercial failure, as the only Allen disaster film to receive no Academy Award nominations. Its box office receipts were only 20% of its estimated $10 million budget.", "volcano    entity is a 1979 American disaster film directed by Irwin Allen. This is the sequel to The Adventure of Poseidon. This film is a huge commercial and critical failure; it is Allen's only disaster film that did not have Academy Award nominations.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by German melodic death metal band Neaera. It was released on 26 May 2009 through Metal Blade Records. The album was recorded at the Rape of Harmonies Studio with producer Alexander Dietz. The artwork was created by Terje Johnsen. The album entered the German Media Control chart at No. 51.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by German deathcore band Neaera. The album was released on May 26, 2009 under the Metal Blade Records label. The album's cover art was designed by Terje Johnsen. The album reached number 51 on the German Media Control chart.", "village    \u03a4\u03bf \u039f\u03c5\u03c3\u03b1\u03c1\u03ac\u03bb \u03b5\u03af\u03bd\u03b1\u03b9 \u03bc\u03b9\u03b1 \u03c0\u03cc\u03bb\u03b7 \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5 \u039a\u03b1\u03b6\u03b1\u03ba\u03c3\u03c4\u03ac\u03bd, \u03c3\u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03b5\u03c0\u03b1\u03c1\u03c7\u03af\u03b1 \u0391\u03bb\u03b1\u03ba\u03cc\u03bb \u03c3\u03c4\u03b7\u03bd \u03c0\u03b5\u03c1\u03b9\u03c6\u03ad\u03c1\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1 \u0391\u03bb\u03bc\u03ac\u03c4\u03b9. \u03a0\u03bb\u03b7\u03b8\u03c5\u03c3\u03bc\u03cc\u03c2: 15,991 15,379 . \u03a4\u03bf\u03bd \u039c\u03ac\u03b9\u03bf \u03c4\u03bf\u03c5 2012, 15 \u03c0\u03c4\u03ce\u03bc\u03b1\u03c4\u03b1 \u03b2\u03c1\u03ad\u03b8\u03b7\u03ba\u03b1\u03bd \u03c3\u03b5 \u03ad\u03bd\u03b1 \u03c3\u03c5\u03bd\u03bf\u03c1\u03b9\u03b1\u03ba\u03cc \u03c3\u03c4\u03b1\u03b8\u03bc\u03cc \u03ba\u03bf\u03bd\u03c4\u03ac \u03c3\u03c4\u03bf \u039f\u03c5\u03c3\u03b1\u03c1\u03ac\u03bb, \u03c3\u03c4\u03b1 \u03ba\u03b1\u03b6\u03b1\u03ba\u03bf-\u03ba\u03b9\u03bd\u03b5\u03b6\u03b9\u03ba\u03ac \u03c3\u03cd\u03bd\u03bf\u03c1\u03b1 .", "village    entity is a locality of Almaty region in Kazakhstan.", "album    entity is a soundtrack album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. Released on 24 May 1986, the album is the soundtrack to the Stephen King film Maximum Overdrive. The album was re-released in 2003 as part of the AC/DC Remasters series.", "album    entity is an album by the hard rock band AC/DC which formed the soundtrack to Stephen King's Maximum Overdrive. Three tracks on the album are unreleased while the other tracks are taken from the band's previous albums, making this album a semi-compilation.", "military unit    entity is one of three regiments , 4e R.H.F.S) in the French Army Special Forces Command . Heir to the traditions of the paratroopers of the Special Air Service of Free France and French Indochina, the regiment is the only French unit in mainland France to use the motto Qui ose gagne, translated from the British Army SAS motto Who Dares Wins.", "military unit    entity is a special forces parachute regiment of the French Army integrated into the Land Special Forces Brigade. Maintaining the tradition of the SAS parachute units of Free France and Indochina, this regiment is the only unit in mainland France to use the motto \"Who Dares Wins\" translated from the motto of the British SAS \"Who Dares Wins\".", "soccer club    entity is a former American football wide receiver. He was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the fourth round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Cincinnati.", "soccer club    entity is an American football player. He currently plays with the Montreal Alouettes.", "album    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, taken from her fourth studio album, Red . It was released for digital download and to U.S. pop radio as the lead single from Red on August 13, 2012, by Big Machine Records. Swift wrote and produced the song with Max Martin and Shellback. An upbeat dance-pop and pop rock song, entity contains pulsing synthesizers, processed guitar riffs, bass drums, and a spoken-word bridge. Its lyrics express Swift's frustration with an ex-lover who wants to rekindle their relationship. An alternate version was released to U.S. country radio on August 21, 2012.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Taylor Swift from her fourth studio album Red. She was released as a single on August 14, 2012 under the Big Machine Records label. The song finished number 1 on iTunes in 32 countries.", "village    entity is a city in Los Angeles County, California. Located within 5.71 square miles , and surrounded by the cities of Los Angeles and West Hollywood, it had a population of 34,109 at the 2010 census, and an estimated population of 33,792 in 2019. The city is home to many celebrities, luxury hotels, and the Rodeo Drive shopping district. Originally a Mexican ranch where lima beans were grown, entity was incorporated in 1914 by a group of investors who had failed to find oil, but found water instead and eventually decided to develop it into a town.", "village    entity is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. It forms, with the Angelenos districts of Bel Air and Holmby Hills, the \"golden triangle\" of Los Angeles, of which it constitutes an enclave. Hollywood capital, entity is best known for being the residence of many professionals and movie stars since the early 1920s.", "single    entity is an American professional baseball right fielder for the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball . Originally the Atlanta Braves' first-round selection in the 2007 MLB draft from Henry County High School in Georgia, he began his minor league career at age 17. Heyward soon became one of the top-rated prospects in all of baseball for batting, speed, and defense, and debuted in MLB as Atlanta's starting right fielder on Opening Day 2010. There, he played until being traded to the St. Louis Cardinals after the 2014 season. Standing 6 feet 5 inches tall and weighing 245 pounds , he throws and bats left-handed. He has worn uniform No. 22 throughout his major league career in honor of a high school friend and teamm", "single    entity is an outfielder for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball. and two Fielding Bible Awards for excellence in right field defense.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by Icelandic recording artist Bj\u00f6rk as an international singer, released in July 1993 by One Little Indian and Elektra Entertainment. It was produced by Bj\u00f6rk and Nellee Hooper. It was Bj\u00f6rk's first recording following the dissolution of her previous band, the Sugarcubes. The album departed from the rock style of her previous work and drew from an eclectic variety of styles, including electronic pop, house music, jazz and trip hop.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Icelandic singer Bj\u00f6rk. It was released in July 1993. This is his first solo album since leaving The Sugarcubes. Five singles came out of it: Human Behaviour, Venus as a Boy, Play Dead, Big Time Sensuality and Violently Happy.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Ludacris. The album, his major label debut, was released on October 17, 2000, under Disturbing tha Peace and Def Jam South.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Ludacris, released on October 17, 2000.", "record label    entity is an American record label owned by Concord and based in Los Angeles, California. entity was launched in 1995 as an imprint designed to reach beyond the company's foundational Concord Jazz label. The label's artists have won 14 GRAMMY Awards and 88 GRAMMY nominations. The original logo, a stylized eighth note incorporating the C and J of \"Concord Jazz\", was created by Bay Area graphic designer Dan Buck, who also worked on several album covers for the company.", "record label    entity is an American music label founded at the end of the 1960s. It is a subsidiary of the Concord Music Group.Blues portal Blues portal Jazz portal Jazz portal", "soccer player    entity is a Honduran former footballer who played as goalkeeper.", "soccer player    entity is a Honduran international football player, who played as a goalkeeper.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Vranje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 487 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the territory of the City of Vranje, district of P\u010dinja . At the 2011 census, it had 411 inhabitants.", "disease    entity is the tenth album by heavy metal band Venom. It was released on SPV/Steamhammer in 2000. It is the last Venom album to feature original member Mantas on guitar.", "disease    entity is the tenth studio album by British heavy metal band Venom. The album was released in 2000 on the SPV GmbH label. This album was partly the cause of the end of the original Cronos/Mantas/Abaddon line-up, the historical drummer of the group having refused to record the drum tracks of the new compositions of Cronos and Mantas which he considered too fast. Antony Lant, brother of Cronos replaced Abaddon from then on under the pseudonym of Antton.", "single    entity was a German Olympic long jumper, notable for winning the silver medal in the event at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin and for giving technical advice to his competitor, Jesse Owens, who went on to win the gold medal for the long jump. Luz Long won the German long jump championship six times in 1933, 1934, 1936, 1937, 1938, and 1939. Long was killed while serving in the German Army during World War II.", "single    entity was a German athlete of the 1930s.Favorite in the long jump at the Berlin Olympics in 1936, and after breaking the Olympic record in the preliminary round, he finished second with a jump of 7.87m, behind Jesse Owens. Two days later, he finished tenth in the triple jump. After the Berlin Olympics, he became a lawyer in Hamburg. During the Second World War, he was Obergefreiter and sent to Sicily.", "album    entity is a song by the Japanese J-pop group Every Little Thing, released as their nineteenth single on February 21, 2001. It was used as the theme song for the TV drama Big Wing.", "album    entity is the 18th single from Japanese band Every Little Thing.", "album    entity is a song by British rock band Coldplay. British record producer Ken Nelson and Coldplay produced the track for their debut album Parachutes. Lead singer Chris Martin admitted that entity was written for a specific woman, from whom the media has generated several speculations. The song contains influences attributed to American singer-songwriter Jeff Buckley, whom Coldplay's early influences were drawn from. The song's lyrics are a reference to Martin's unrequited love.", "album    entity is a song by British rock band Coldplay, from the album Parachutes. This is the first single from this album and was released on March 6, 2000.Portail de la musique Portail de la musique \u2022 Chanson sectionPortail du rock Portail du rock", "scientist    entity is an American chemist and Nobel Laureate known for his work on stereoselective reactions and click chemistry.", "scientist    entity is an American chemist and currently professor of chemistry at the prestigious Scripps Research Institute in San Diego. He is the winner of half of the 2001 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.", "screen writer    entity was a famous magician and escape artist.", "screen writer    entity is an American film directed by George Marshall from the screenplay by Philip Yordan based on the work of Harold Kellock, released on July 2, 1953.", "album    entity is a song by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys originally released on the band's first EP Five Minutes with Arctic Monkeys in May 2005. After being featured on the band's debut album Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not, the song was released as a radio-only single in the United States instead of \"Leave Before the Lights Come On\", which was released there at the end of October. The song was also released in the Netherlands, where it reached number 31 on the Dutch Singles Chart.", "album    entity is a song by the indie rock band Arctic Monkeys originally released on the EP Five Minutes with Arctic Monkeys in May 2005. It was later reintroduced on the band's debut album Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I' m Not released in 2006. The single was never physically released but only received radio airplay in the United States.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by American rapper Ice Cube. It was released on November 17, 1998, through Lench Mob Records and Priority Records. The album features production by Bud'da, E-A-Ski, Ice Cube, K-Mac, N.O. Joe and T-Mix. It is the first part from the two-album project War & Peace, the subsequent volume, War & Peace Vol. 2 was released in 2000.", "album    entity is Ice Cube's fifth studio album, released on November 17, 1998. The album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on January 25, 1999.", "album    entity is the thirteenth studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg. It was released on May 12, 2015, through Doggy Style Records and I Am Other, and distributed by Columbia Records. The album was produced by Pharrell Williams with additional production by Chad Hugo. It features guest appearances from Kendrick Lamar, Stevie Wonder, Charlie Wilson, Gwen Stefani, T.I. and Rick Ross. entity was the first album by the rapper after his return to the hip hop moniker Snoop Dogg.", "album    entity is Snoop Dogg's thirteenth studio album, released in 2015. The album is produced by Pharrell Williams.", "screen writer    entity is a Canadian independent film director and producer. He started making independent films in Montreal the 1980s and became one of the most prolific independent filmmakers in Canada with over 30 films to his credit. In the early 1990s, Shbib moved Los Angeles and directed his most successful films to date; Julia Has Two Lovers starring David Duchovny.", "screen writer    entity is a director, producer and screenwriter. He is considered \"the most prolific, without a doubt, of Canadian filmmakers\", with some twenty feature films to his credit. Born in Syria, his family moved to Quebec in 1967.", "record label    entity is best known for its recordings of many artists throughout the late 1960s, 70s, 80s, 90s and 00s, who included Jimi Hendrix, the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, David Bowie, Led Zeppelin, Ella Fitzgerald, Queen, Ray Charles, The Who, B.B King, Traffic, Prince, the Eagles, Madonna, Adele and Bjork. It is often regarded as being as significant as Abbey Road Studios and remains an important cultural landmark. The studio's sound mixing desks became famous when the technology and design they pioneered was manufactured commercially.", "record label    entity is located on the southwestern edge of Greater London. The biggest rock bands recorded albums here, especially in the late 1960s and early 1970s.", "album    entity is the ninth studio album by the English space rock group Hawkwind, released in 1979. It reached No. 59 on the UK album charts.", "album    entity is the ninth studio album by British space rock band Hawkwind, released in 1979. The album was recorded in early 1978, but Hawkwind disbanded a few months later and entity remained on the cards. It was not released until the following year, while Hawkwind had meanwhile reformed as \"Hawklords\" to release the album 25 Years On. This was the band's final album on Charisma Records.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by the American hip-hop artist Queen Latifah. The album was released in the United States on September 25, 2007 by Verve Records. The album reached No. 1 on the Billboard Jazz Albums chart.", "album    entity is Queen Latifah's sixth studio album, released on September 25, 2007.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by the Cuban-American rapper Pitbull. It was released on August 28, 2009, through J, Polo Grounds and Mr. 305. The production on the album was handled by multiple producers including DJ Khalil, Dr. Luke, Lil Jon, Play-N-Skillz and Jim Jonsin who also served as executive producer. The album also features guest appearances by B.o.B, Ke$ha, Nayer, Akon, Lil Jon and Slim of 112. This became his first major-label release, his first album to be released on his own Mr. 305 Inc. label and also Polo Grounds' second release since Hurricane Chris's 51/50 Ratchet.", "album    entity is Pitbull's fourth studio album, released on September 1, 2009.", "album    entity is a song recorded by American singer Kelly Clarkson from her second studio album, Breakaway . The song, which was written and produced by Max Martin and Lukasz \"Dr. Luke\" Gottwald, was released as the lead single from Breakaway two weeks before the album was released. It is an uptempo pop rock and power pop power ballad that infuses electronic sounds with a mixture of a soft and loud pop rock sound. Martin originally wrote entity with Pink in mind, but she turned it down. It was then given to Hilary Duff, but she rejected the song because she could not reach its higher notes. The song was finally given to Clarkson after Clive Davis convinced the writers to give it to her. Clarkson decided to add heavier guitars and harder drums to the song after noti", "album    entity is the second single from Breakaway, the second album by American pop-rock singer Kelly Clarkson. , the Billboard Hot 100. Being considered an American Idol girl, entity helps Kelly Clarkson move away from this image, showing that she is an artist on her own.", "prefecture    entity is a landlocked department in the region of Occitanie in Southern France, located near the Massif Central, bounded to the northeast by Haute-Loire, to the east by Ard\u00e8che, to the south by Gard, to the west by Aveyron, and the northwest by Cantal. It is named after Mont entity. With 76,422 inhabitants as of 2016, entity is the least populous French department and the lowest-ranking French department. The only towns in the department is Mende, the prefecture, and Marvejols.", "prefecture    entity is a French department located north of the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Insee and the Post office give it the code 48. Very agricultural department, bordering the southern part of Cantal and Haute-Loire, eastern Aveyron, western Ard\u00e8che, and south, the Gard, it is also the least populated department in France. Its capital is Mende.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was written by Jamille Pierre, Bibi Bourelly, Rihanna, Travis Scott, Kanye West and WondaGurl and produced by Deputy, co-produced by West, together with additional production by Scott and WondaGurl. The song was digitally released on March 26, 2015, through the iTunes Store. entity is a trap song and represents a notable musical departure from the previous single, \"FourFiveSeconds\".", "album    entity is a song by Barbadian artist Rihanna. It is written by Jamille Pierre, Badrilla Bourelly, Rihanna and Travis Scott and produced by them along with Deputy, Kanye West and WondaGurl. The song has been available on iTunes Store since March 26, 2015. Musically, the song differs significantly from the previous single FourFiveSeconds, with trap and hip hop sounds.", "village    entity is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher in the Center region.", "album    entity is a nine piece ska and reggae group founded in 1995 in Lyon, France. Since forming, they have released six full - length albums and one EP. They have played over 1500 shows throughout Europe, and have toured as far as Syria, Australia and South Africa", "album    entity is a French music group formerly song, reggae and rock formed in 1995 in Lyon. It is now composed of 9 musicians, and has given more than 1,000 concerts in 25 different countries. In 2013, the group released their 5th studio album, Never Stop, confirming their new pop style, mixing ska, rock and French song.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band P.O.D. and the title track of their fourth studio album, entity , released on August 5, 2002, as the fourth and final single from the album. The single's release was accompanied by a music video containing live footage of the band's performance at the Virginia Beach Amphitheater during FM99's Lunatic Luau 6 on July 21, 2002, as well as separate performance footage filmed in the woods.", "album    entity is the latest single from the POD entity album. It was released in 2002. The clip is made up of sequences from a live performance at Cornerstone and sequences showing the band playing the song in a forest. The title entity is also present on the soundtrack of the Osmosis Jones sampler disc.", "village    entity is a Central Papuan Tip language that is spoken by the entityans, an indigenous ethnic group of Papua New Guinea. It is commonly used today in the region, particularly around the capital, Port Moresby. entity is classified as one of the Malayo-Polynesian languages and bears some linguistic similarities to Polynesian and Micronesian languages.", "village    entity is one of the languages \u200b\u200bof the Papuan tip, one of the Oceanian languages. It is spoken by 39,000 speakers, in the Central Province, the area of \u200b\u200bPort Moresby and the coastal villages of Manumanu, Galley Reach, up to GabaGaba. It is also called pure motu or true motu to distinguish it from the pidgin which bears the same name (but which is referred to more as Hiri motu or Police entity nowadays.", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He has also played in MLB for the Atlanta Braves and Kansas City Royals. Davies grew up in Stockbridge, Georgia, and graduated from Stockbridge High School and signed right out of high school with the Braves. He made his MLB debut in 2005, and was traded to the Royals in 2007. Injuries prevented him from appearing in MLB after the 2011 season, until he pitched for the Yankees in 2015.", "soccer manager    entity is a right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher. He is currently under contract with the Cleveland Indians.", "place    entity is the tenth album by heavy metal band Manowar, released in 2007. It is a concept album centered on Odin, King of Gods and primary god of war in the Norse Mythology. entity was supposed to be the first of a series of concept albums dedicated to different war gods from various mythologies, but eventually its sequels were not released.", "place    entity is the 10th studio album of the heavy metal band Manowar, its release in France was scheduled for March 5, 2007 in official channels, but was postponed to March 7 at the last moment without notice. A 60-second extract of each title was broadcast in preview and in a loop for 2 hours on the group's website.", "comedian    entity is a Welsh singer. Born in Tiger Bay, Cardiff, she began performing as a teenager in 1953. She became well-known for her expressive voice and for recording the soundtrack theme songs of the James Bond films Goldfinger , Diamonds Are Forever , and Moonraker . In January 1959, Bassey became the first Welsh person to gain a number-one single on the UK Singles Chart. In 2020, with the release of her most recent album, I Owe It All To You, Bassey became the first female artist to chart an album in the top 40 of the UK Albums Chart in seven consecutive decades.", "comedian    entity is a British singer whose career began in the late 1950s. Considered one of the most popular artists of the second half of the 20th century, she holds, with Barbra Streisand, the record for longevity in the charts and is, according to her label, credited with 135 million albums sold.", "album    entity is a famous French language song written, composed and sung by the French singer Daniel Balavoine. It appears on his 1982 album Vendeurs de larmes. It was the start of a big career for Balavoine and an example of new wave revival of rock music in France.", "album    entity is a song written and composed by Daniel Balavoine for the album Sellers of tears in 1982. It is written in the key of G minor as shown at the beginning of the score with 2 flats in the key signature.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Ab-Soul. It was released on May 11, 2012, by Top Dawg Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from Jhen\u00e9 Aiko, Danny Brown, Schoolboy Q, Jay Rock, BJ the Chicago Kid, Kendrick Lamar, JaVonte, Punch, Ashtrobot and vocals from the late Alori Joh. The album's production was handled by Digi+Phonics, King Blue, Nez & Rio, Skhye Hutch, Curtiss King, Aahyasis, and Tommy Black.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Ab-Soul, released on May 11, 2012.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mi\u0144sk Mazowiecki, within Mi\u0144sk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres north-east of Mi\u0144sk Mazowiecki and 40 km east of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Mi\u0144sk Mazowiecki in Mi\u0144sk County, Mazovia Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. It is located about 3 kilometers northeast of Mi\u0144sk Mazowiecki and 40 kilometers east of east of Warsaw. The village has approximately a population of 955 in 2007 with the population of entity-Kolonia.", "economist    entity was a member of the National Assembly of France from 2002 to 2017. She represented the 2nd constituency of the Indre-et-Loire department, as a member of the Union for a Popular Movement.", "economist    entity is a French politician. Member of Parliament for Indre-et-Loire from 2002, she was Secretary of State for the Family from June 2011 to May 2012.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, released in 1970 on the album Led Zeppelin III.", "album    entity is a song by British rock band Led Zeppelin.", "american football player    entity is a retired American football player. He played college football at the University of Notre Dame.", "american football player    entity is an American football player.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilic\u0105, within Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres west of Nowe Miasto nad Pilic\u0105, 37 km south-west of Gr\u00f3jec, and 74 km south-west of Warsaw. The village has a population of 120.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Nowe Miasto nad Pilic \u0105 in Gr\u00f3jec County , Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 7 kilometers west of Nowe Miasto nad Pilic \u0105 , 37 kilometers southwest of Gr\u00f3jec and 74 kilometers southwest of Warsaw. The village has a population of approximately 120 in 2006.", "military conflict    entity was fought between Sweden and Russia from June 1788 to August 1790. The war was ended by the Treaty of V\u00e4r\u00e4l\u00e4 on 14 August 1790 and took place concomitantly with both the Austro-Turkish War and the Russo-Turkish War . The war was, overall, mostly insignificant for the parties involved.", "military conflict    entity was between Sweden and Imperial Russia from June 1788 to August 1790.", "album    entity is the second album by American rock band Survivor, released in August 1981 in the United States and February 1982 elsewhere. It was the first album to use the Survivor script logo. The album, along with many other Survivor albums, was briefly taken out of print in 2009, but was remastered and reissued the following year and distributed by Rock Candy Records. The album includes the singles \"Poor Man's Son\" , one of the songs that would be part of their live set list, and \"Summer Nights\" . A song named Missing Persons was recorded for the album but left out from the final cut.", "album    entity is a Survivor album released in 1981.", "screen writer    entity is an Italian film director, screenwriter, and actor.", "screen writer    entity is an Italian director, screenwriter and producer, born November 9, 1939 in Bobbio on the hills of the province of Piacenza, Italy.", "village    entity is a commune in the Loz\u00e8re d\u00e9partement in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Loz\u00e8re in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called Vermondois.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, featured on his 2009 album Relapse: Refill, the re-release of his album Relapse. entity was the second promotional single released on December 15, released the same day as \"Hell Breaks Loose\". On the issue of January 2, 2010, entity debuted at #67 on the Billboard Hot 100.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem. She is present on the reissue of her sixth album, Relapse. The song is produced by Eminem, who also co-wrote the lyrics with Luis Resto. This is a promotional single released on the same day as \"Hell Breaks Loose\". Upon its release, the track ranked 67th on the Billboard Hot 100.", "album    entity is a song by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys from their fifth studio album, AM. The song was released as the album's sixth overall single on 9 June 2014, impacting contemporary hit radio in the United Kingdom.", "album    entity is the sixth single by indie rock band Arctic Monkeys from their album AM, released on June 9, 2014.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper B.o.B, released April 27, 2010, on Grand Hustle Records, Rebel Rock Entertainment and Atlantic Records. Production for the album took place during 2008 to 2010 and was handled by B.o.B, Crada, Dr. Luke, The Smeezingtons, Jim Jonsin, Lil' C, Alex da Kid, Polow da Don, and DJ Frank E.", "album    entity is BoB's debut studio album, released on April 27, 2010.", "musical    entity is a form of performing art involving wrestling matches whose progress and outcome are planned in advance, typically between performers with established character roles. entity is not to be confused with the contact sports of amateur wrestling. The wrestling matches are based on classical and \"catch\" wrestling, with modern additions of striking attacks, acrobatics, feats of strength, fast-moving athleticism and occasionally, improvised weaponry. entity also liberally incorporates melodrama. Much like some of the real prizefighters they imitate, the characters in professional wrestling have large egos, flamboyant personalities , and turbulent interpersonal relationships. These personas are scripted much like", "musical    entity is an art form combining athletic and theatrical performance. It takes the form of galas organized by traveling companies reproducing the codes of combat sports.", "village    entity is a municipality in the district of Tuttlingen in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg in Germany.", "village    entity is a municipality in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg, located in the district of Tuttlingen, in the district of Freiburg im Breisgau.Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg Portal Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg Portal", "university    entity is a public research university located in Strasbourg, Alsace, France, with over 52,000 students and 3,300 researchers. The French university traces its history to the earlier German-language Universit\u00e4t Stra\u00dfburg, which was founded in 1538, and was divided in the 1970s into three separate institutions: Louis Pasteur University, Marc Bloch University, and Robert Schuman University. On 1 January 2009, the fusion of these three universities reconstituted a united University of Strasbourg. With as many as 19 Nobel laureates, and two Fields Medal winners, the university is ranked among the best in the League of European Research Universities.", "university    entity is a French university located in Strasbourg in Alsace. Its origin dates back to the creation of the Jean-Sturm Gymnasium in 1538. The Gymnasium was promoted to the rank of Academy in 1566, under Emperor Maximilian II, then became a university in 1621, under Emperor Ferdinand II. The university came under the control of the Kingdom of France in 1681 at the same time as the city of Strasbourg.", "vice president    entity is a medium-sized private banking corporation founded and based in Switzerland. Headquartered in Z\u00fcrich, it is among the older Swiss banking institutions. In terms of assets under management, Julius Baer is number three among Swiss banks after the two generalists UBS and Credit Suisse and the biggest pure-play private bank.", "vice president    entity is the largest Swiss securities management bank, based in Zurich. The company dates back to the 1890s and was founded by the banker of the same name.", "video game    entity is an 8-bit home computer introduced in January 1982 by Commodore International . It has been listed in the Guinness World Records as the highest-selling single computer model of all time, with independent estimates placing the number sold between 12.5 and 17 million units. Volume production started in early 1982, marketing in August for US$595 . Preceded by the Commodore VIC-20 and Commodore PET, the C64 took its name from its 64 kilobytes of RAM. With support for multicolor sprites and a custom chip for waveform generation, the C64 could create superior visuals and audio compared to systems without such custom", "video game    entity is a personal computer designed by Commodore Business Machines Inc. in 1982 under the aegis of Jack Tramiel,,,,,. It was the first machine to sell several million copies, and it remains the best-selling computer model to date. [ref.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska G\u8d38rka, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres east of Miejska G\u8d38rka, 16 km north-east of Rawicz, and 83 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u8245.", "village    entity is a village in the gmina of Miejska G\u00f3rka in Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "comics creator    entity was an American inorganic chemist. He received his Ph.D. at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1943, under Prof. John C. Bailar, Jr.. Basolo spent his professional career at Northwestern University. He was a prolific contributor to the fields of coordination chemistry, organometallic, and bioinorganic chemistry, publishing over 400 papers. He supervised many Ph.D. students. With colleague Ralph Pearson, he co-authored the influential monograph \"Mechanisms of Inorganic Reactions\", which illuminated the importance of mechanisms involving coordination compounds. This work, which integrated concepts from ligand field theory and physical organic chemistry, signaled a shift from a highly descriptive nature of coordination chemistry", "comics creator    entity is an American researcher specializing in inorganic chemistry.", "village    entity is a city and municipality in Tr\u00f8ndelag county, Norway. It has a population of 205,332 as of 2020, and is the third most populous municipality in Norway, although the fourth largest urban area. Trondheim lies on the south shore of Trondheim Fjord at the mouth of the River Nidelva. Among the major technology-oriented institutions headquartered in Trondheim are the Norwegian University of Science and Technology , the Foundation for Scientific and Industrial Research , and St. Olavs University Hospital.", "village    entity is a Norwegian city located in the county of S\u00f8r-Tr\u00f8ndelag, of which it constitutes the administrative center. It had 154,351 inhabitants on January 1, 2004 for an area of \u200b\u200b342 km2. Trondheim, geographically located in the middle of the country, is the third largest city in Norway after Oslo and Bergen.", "comics creator    entity is an American former professional baseball right fielder. Dye grew up in Northern California and was a multi-sport star at Will C. Wood High School in Vacaville. Dye attended Cosumnes River College in Sacramento, where he played as a right fielder on a team that reached the playoffs. Dye played in Major League Baseball for the Atlanta Braves , Kansas City Royals , Oakland Athletics , and the Chicago White Sox . He won the World Series MVP with the White Sox in 2005. Dye batted and threw right-handed; in his prime, he was known for his ability to hit for power and his powerful throwing arm. Dye announced his retirement on March 31, 2011.", "comics creator    entity is an American baseball player who played in Major League Baseball from 1996 to 2009. This outfielder played in the All-Star Game in 2000 and 2006. Dye won the 2005 World Series with the Chicago White Sox and was named MVP of that major league finals series.", "village    entity is a village in Bajura District in the Seti Zone of north-western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,797 and had 511 houses in the village.", "village    entity is a village development committee in Nepal located in Bajura district. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 3,456.", "screen writer    entity is a 2012 American action crime thriller film written and directed by Boaz Yakin, produced by Lawrence Bender and Dana Brunetti, and starring Jason Statham, Chris Sarandon, Robert John Burke and James Hong. Statham plays Luke Wright, an ex-cop and former cage fighter who winds up protecting a gifted child who is being chased by the Russian mafia, Chinese Triads, and corrupt New York City police. entity was released by Lionsgate Films on April 27, 2012. The film grossed $40.6 million worldwide against a budget of $30 million with mixed reviews from critics.", "screen writer    entity is an American action film directed by Boaz Yakin released on April 27, 2012.", "single    entity was a Polish fighter ace of the Second World War. According to the official record, entity was the second highest-scoring Polish fighter ace, with 17 confirmed wartime kills and 1 probable, not counting his pre-war victory. He was awarded with several decorations, among others the Virtuti Militari and British Distinguished Flying Cross. He also published several books of memoirs.", "single    entity was a Polish fighter pilot, ace in the Polish Armed Forces in World War II.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper from Yonkers, New York. He began his career in 1990s as a member of the rap trio The Lox, managed by Ruff Ryders and signed with Bad Boy. After leaving the label in 1999, they signed a joint venture deal between Interscope and Ruff Ryders. He is currently signed to Def Jam and D-Block.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper. He is a member of the rap group The LOX and that of the Ruff Ryders. He also joined the latter following the deterioration of his relationship with Puff Daddy's Bad Boy label. Jadakiss has worked with great rappers such as The Notorious BIG, Puff Daddy and Jay Z.", "lake    entity is a crater lake located in the Gegham mountains of eastern Kotayk Province of Armenia.", "lake    entity is a lake located between the marzers of Gegharkunik and Kotayk in Armenia, in the Gegham massif.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American rock band Monster Magnet, released on June 16, 1998. The album was the band's commercial breakthrough, achieving mainstream success due largely to the hit single, \"Space Lord\". Other hit songs on the album include \"entity\", \"Temple of Your Dreams\", and \"See You in Hell\". The album itself, reached #1 on the Heatseekers Charts, #21 in the German Charts, #65 in the UK Charts, and #97 on the Billboard 200. The album was certified gold by the RIAA on January 25, 1999.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by American band Monster Magnet.", "vice president    entity is an old American maker of video games, educational software, and productivity tools. Broderbund is best known for the 8-bit video game hits Choplifter, Lode Runner, Karateka, and Prince of Persia , as well as The Print Shop\u2014originally for printing signs and banners on dot matrix printers\u2014and the Myst and Carmen Sandiego games. The company was founded in Eugene, Oregon, and moved to San Rafael, California, then later to Novato, California. Broderbund was purchased by The Learning Company in 1998.", "vice president    entity is known as the company that created the first Prince of Persia games, whose license was bought by Ubisoft.", "basketball team    entity were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League that played from 2006 to 2015. Affiliated with the National Hockey League's San Jose Sharks and located in Worcester, Massachusetts, the Sharks played their home games at the DCU Center.", "basketball team    entity are a professional ice hockey franchise in the American Hockey League in North America. They are part of the Atlantic Division in the Eastern Conference.", "album    entity is an English electronic music duo consisting of Rob Brown and Sean Booth, both from Rochdale, Greater Manchester. Formed in 1987, they are among the best known acts signed to UK electronic label Warp Records, through which all of entity's full-length albums have been released beginning with their 1993 debut Incunabula. They gained initial recognition when they were featured on Warp's 1992 compilation Artificial Intelligence.", "album    entity was founded in 1991 by two friends, Rob Brown and Sean Booth. Brown and Booth clarified that the name Autechre can be pronounced the way people prefer, themselves pronouncing it more like \"Ao-tek-er\".", "album    entity is a song recorded by English singer Ellie Goulding for the soundtrack to the film Fifty Shades of Grey . The song was written by Savan Kotecha, Ilya Salmanzadeh, Tove Lo, Max Martin and Ali Payami; the latter two also produced it. Goulding was selected to provide vocals to the track. It was released on 7 January 2015 as the second single from the soundtrack. The song was also included on Goulding's third studio album, Delirium .", "album    entity is a song by Ellie Goulding, released on January 19, 2015 as the single from the soundtrack to the film Fifty Shades of Grey. It surpassed the one billion view mark on YouTube on February 29, 2016. The clip was broadcast with the sign \"not recommended for children under 10\" on D17/CSTAR.", "album    entity is a song co-written and performed by American duo Aly & AJ and is the first single from their third studio album, Insomniatic. It was released on June 26, 2007, going on to top many video countdowns, and becoming Aly & AJ's most successful single to date. In November 2020, the song saw a resurgence in popularity due to its widespread use on the app TikTok, receiving over 26 million viewers for the month. In December 2020, the duo released a re-recording of the song with explicit lyrics.", "album    entity is the title of a song and two singles containing it, released in 2007: the first in June in the United States by the American duo Aly & AJ, and the second in November in Japan by Ami Suzuki under the naming Ami Suzuki joins Aly & AJ.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Monaco on 19 May 1985. It was the fourth race of the 1985 Formula One World Championship. The 78-lap race was won by Alain Prost, driving a McLaren-TAG. Ayrton Senna took pole position in his Lotus-Renault and led until he suffered an engine failure on lap 14. Michele Alboreto finished second in a Ferrari, with Elio de Angelis third in the other Lotus-Renault. After the race, de Angelis led the Drivers' Championship by two points from Prost and Alboreto.", "formula one team    Results of the 1985 Monaco Grand Prix, raced at the Monaco circuit on May 19, 1985.", "village    entity is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Charente-Maritime department. Its inhabitants are called the entityais and the entityaises.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League with the Minnesota North Stars and San Jose Sharks.", "tennis player    entity is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "village    entity is a village development committee in Baglung District in the Dhaulagiri Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,288 and had 467 houses in the village.", "village    entity is a village development committee in Nepal located in Baglung district. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 2,352.", "painting    entity is an album by the Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek released on the ECM label and performed by Garbarek, John Taylor, Bill Connors, and Jack DeJohnette.", "painting    entity is an album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, released in 1978 on the Edition of Contemporary Music label. It's a quartet album with Jan Garbarek on tenor and soprano saxophone, Bill Connors on guitar, John Taylor on piano, and Jack DeJohnette on drums. The disc was recorded in December 1977 at Talent Studio, Oslo, by Jan Erik Kongshaug.", "album    entity are an American soul music vocal group, formed in Detroit, Michigan, in 1964. They are best known for their 1970s hit songs \"In the Rain\" and \"Whatcha See Is Whatcha Get\", both of which were Top 10 Pop hits, as well as their later 1993 collaboration \"Doggy Dogg World\" with Snoop Dogg, a top 20 hit on the Billboard Rhythmic Top 40.", "album    entity is an American music group formed in Detroit, Michigan in 1964.", "screen writer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, filmmaker, and voice actor. He is a founding member of the heavy metal band White Zombie, releasing four studio albums with the band. He is the older brother of Spider One, the lead vocalist of the industrial metal band Powerman 5000.", "screen writer    entity is an American metal singer and musician, as well as a director of horror films, born January 12, 1965 in Haverhill, Massachusetts.", "soccer manager    entity is a Czech former professional ice hockey center. He played in the National Hockey League with the Colorado Avalanche, who selected him 14th overall at the 2000 NHL Entry Draft, and the Florida Panthers between 2001 and 2004. The rest of his career, which lasted from 1998 to 2019, was spent in the Czech Extraliga and the Kontinental Hockey League. Internationally Nedorost played for the Czech national junior team, and won the gold medal at the 2000 and 2001 World Junior Championships.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player playing as a center.", "musical artist    entity is a French electronic musician, DJ, remixer and producer. He was born on 19 June 1964 in Antony, Hauts-de-Seine, France. Allmusic considers his style to be similar to Air and Dimitri from Paris. His best-known album is A Grand Love Story , and he has also compiled and mixed a DJ mix album for the Another Late Night series on Azuli Records.", "musical artist    entity is Jean-Yves Prieur, is a French musician and producer, born June 19, 1964 in Antony. In 1982, he created the Bondage Records label. Fifteen years later, he offers a much appreciated trip hop, sharing various influences from the Velvet Underground to DJ Shadow. He takes his pseudonym from a documentary by Jean Rouch.", "skyscraper    entity is a historic train station located in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Amtrak's Heartland Flyer makes daily round-trip service from Oklahoma City to Fort Worth, Texas. The station is the designated Intermodal Transit Hub for the region and as of 2016 is under renovation to accommodate this enhanced use. Santa Fe shares the same station ID, OKC, with the IATA code for Oklahoma City's International airport, Will Rogers World Airport.", "skyscraper    entity is a railway station in the United States, located in the territory of the city of Oklahoma City in the state of Oklahoma.", "village    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department.", "tennis player    entity is an American-born Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who last played with the L\u00f8renskog IK of the GET-ligaen. He is currently the goaltending coach for the Brandon Wheat Kings of the WHL", "tennis player    entity is an American ice hockey goaltender.", "cricketer    entity is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays as a right back.", "cricketer    entity is a Saudi international footballer, playing as a defender.", "basketball team    entity is Travis Richards.", "basketball team    entity are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. They are part of the North Division in the Western Conference. Logo: A griffin ready to strike. Division Titles: 5 Regular Season Titles: 2 Championship Won: 1", "soccer player    entity is a former American soccer player.", "soccer player    entity is an American footballer.", "village    entity is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region.", "screen writer    entity was an Argentine racing driver who raced in Formula One from 1972 to 1982, and later became a politician in his native province of Santa Fe, for the Justicialist Party, and governor of Santa Fe in Argentina. As a popular governor and a senator, he was considered by some, on several occasions, to be a worthy candidate for President, but while he considered running for president in the 2011 Argentine general election he declined to do so.", "screen writer    entity is a former racing driver from Argentina. A major figure in the Formula 1 world championship between 1972 and 1982, he returned to politics after the end of his sports career.", "judge    entity is an Italian judge born in Naples and former judge and President of the European Court of Human Rights . Raimondi was nominated to the court by Italy and began his 9-year term as ECHR judge on 5 May 2010. He was the President of ECHR from 1 November 2015 until 4 May 2019.", "judge    entity is an Italian jurist. From 2010 to 2019, he was a member of the European Court of Human Rights, of which he was President from 2015 to 2019.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 20 June 2004 at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Indianapolis, Indiana. It was Race 9 of 18 in the 2004 FIA Formula One World Championship.", "formula one team    Results of the 2004 Formula 1 United States Automobile Grand Prix took place at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on June 20.", "old territory    entity is a river in Mongolia. The Orkhon river derives its name from the Old Turkic prefix \"or\" meaning \"middle\", and \"khan\" or king. It rises in the Khangai Mountains in the Tsenkher sum of Arkhangai aimag at the foot of the Suvraga Khairkhan mountain.From there, it crosses the border into \u00d6v\u00f6rkhangai aimag and follows the upper Orkhon valley in an eastern direction until it reaches Kharkhorin. On this stretch, very close to the Orkhon, the Ulaan Tsutgalan river features a waterfall, ten metres wide and twenty metres high, which is a popular destination for tourists.", "old territory    entity is a river in Mongolia. It is a tributary of the Selenga, therefore a sub-tributary of the Russian Yenisei via the Selenga, Lake Baikal and the Angara.", "album    entity is the third single from Nickelback's sixth studio album Dark Horse. It was originally planned as the first single, to hit all U.S. radio formats September 30, 2008, but was scrapped as the first single in favour of \"Gotta Be Somebody\". Instead it was released on March 31, 2009. It was produced by Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange, who produced the entire album. The song was released as a digital download in the U.S. on November 11. entity was released in the UK on June 15. The song was performed live for the first time on May 22 at the Manchester Arena in Manchester, England.", "album    entity is the twenty-third single from Nickelback and the third from the 2008 album Dark Horse.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of \u0106uprija, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 267.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of \u0106 uprija, district of Pomoravlje. At the 2011 census, it had 218 inhabitants.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey defenseman. He is currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played with Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk of the Kontinental Hockey League .", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "film    entity is a 1999 French drama film directed by the Chilean filmmaker Ra\u00fal Ruiz. It is an adaptation of the 1927 final volume of the seven-volume series In Search of Lost Time by Marcel Proust. The plot is about the anonymous narrator of In Search of Lost Time who reflects on his past experiences while lying on his deathbed. The film was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.", "film    entity is a Franco-Italian-Portuguese film directed by Raoul Ruiz based on the homonymous novel by Marcel Proust and released in 1999.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by rapper MF Doom, marking his return to the hip hop scene after the demise of his group KMD. The album was released through Fondle 'Em Records on 19 October 1999 and reissued by Sub Verse Records in 2001 with a slightly altered track listing. entity is regarded as one of the most influential albums in independent hip-hop history. A deluxe remastered version of the album was released by Doom's own Metal Face Records on 24 October 2011.", "album    entity is MF DOOM's first studio album, released on April 20, 1999. First released in 1999, then remastered in 2001, this album sounded the death knell for Daniel Dumile's revenge against the recording industry \"which ruined his life\u201d.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres south-west of Przasnysz and 81 km north of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Krasne in Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "old territory    entity were crowned Kings of the Germans.", "old territory    entity is a city in Germany located in the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is located 5 km from the junction of the borders of Germany, the Netherlands and Belgium, and is the westernmost city in Germany.", "soccer manager    entity is a Dominican former professional baseball pitcher. He has previously played for the Montreal Expos/Washington Nationals, Arizona Diamondbacks, Milwaukee Brewers, New York Mets, and Los Angeles Dodgers. He has both started games and also pitched in both middle and long relief during his career. His nickname among Brewers fans was the \"Magic Man\" because of his ability to get himself into bases loaded situations and escape with little or no damage.", "soccer manager    entity is a right-handed Major League baseball pitcher since 2003. He is under contract with the Milwaukee Brewers.", "disease    entity is the seventh studio album by American rock band Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, released on March 18, 2013 in Europe and March 19, 2013 in the US. It was released under the band's own record label, Abstract Dragon, through Vagrant Records. Unlike Beat The Devil's Tattoo, the album wasn't produced by Michael Been, who died after he suffered a heart attack mid-tour in 2010 while the band was playing at Pukkelpop. As a result, entity was a way for the band to mourn their loss and rid the pain, as he was the father of bassist Robert Levon Been, but also their live sound technician and a mentor to all the members.", "disease    entity is the seventh studio album by American alternative rock band Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, released on March 18, 2013.", "album    entity is the fourth full-length Finntroll album. It was released on March 28, 2007. The album is the first to feature vocalist Mathias Lillm\u00e5ns, who replaced Tapio Wilska in 2006. Unlike in Nattf\u00f6dd, the lyrics for this album were written by the band's original vocalist, Jan \"Katla\" J\u00e4msen. This and other factors appear to contribute to a darker, more black metal feel. A music video for \"Nedg\u00e5ng\" was released in April.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Finnish folk metal band Finntroll, released on April 2, 2007.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a song by English singer-songwriter David Bowie. It was co-written by Bowie and Brian Eno, produced by Bowie and Tony Visconti, and recorded in July and August 1977 at Hansa Studio by the Wall. It was released on 23 September 1977 as the lead single from his 12th studio album of the same name, backed with the song \"V-2 Schneider\". A product of Bowie's \"Berlin\" period, the track was not a huge hit in the United Kingdom or the United States after its release, but it has since become one of his signature songs. In January 2016, following Bowie's death, the song reached a new peak of number 12 in the UK Singles Chart. entity has been cited as Bowie's second-most covered song after \"Rebel Rebel\".", "album    entity is a song written and composed by David Bowie and Brian Eno. It appeared in 1977 on the album entity. Produced by Bowie and Tony Visconti, it was released both as a single and as the lead track from the entity album. A pure product of Bowie's very fertile Berlin period, life inside the city is crystallized in a tale of two lovers who come together in the shadow of the Wall of Shame. Although not a big hit in the UK or", "single    entity is an American former professional baseball infielder. He played in Major League Baseball for the Chicago White Sox, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, Atlanta Braves, San Francisco Giants, Seattle Mariners, and Detroit Tigers.", "single    entity is a second baseman for the Los Angeles Angels of Major League Baseball.", "soccer player    entity was an Italian footballer who played as a central midfielder. He was mainly known for his physical power and his exemplary correct behaviour on the pitch, and never once received a caution during his eleven-year spell with Milan.", "soccer player    entity is an Italian football player and coach.", "disease    entity is the eighth full-length album by German thrash metal band Destruction, released in 2003.It was the first Destruction album to feature drummer Marc \"Speedy\" Reign of Morgoth.", "disease    entity is the eighth studio album by German thrash metal band Destruction. The album was released on September 22, 2003 under the Nuclear Blast Records label. The album was also released in a limited version. This edition contains seven additional titles compared to the non-limited version. Among these seven titles, there are three covers and four titles in demo version.", "album    entity is the ninth studio album and fifth posthumous studio album by American rapper Tupac Shakur. The album was produced by Eminem and consists of remixes of previously unreleased music recorded by Shakur before his death in 1996. Released in the United States on December 14, 2004, entity debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart. It was later certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America .", "album    entity is a posthumous album by 2Pac, released in 2004. Two singles were taken from the album: Thugs Get Lonely Too and Ghetto Gospel.", "album    entity is the 15th single of J-pop idol group Morning Musume and was released July 24, 2002,. It sold a total of 310,600 copies.", "album    entity is the 15th single from Jpop group Morning Musume.", "film    entity is a 1986 American-French musical drama film directed by Bertrand Tavernier and written by Tavernier and David Rayfiel. It stars Dexter Gordon, Fran\u00e7ois Cluzet and Herbie Hancock. Martin Scorsese, Philippe Noiret and Wayne Shorter appear in cameos.", "film    entity is a film by Bertrand Tavernier, released in 1986. It won the C\u00e9sar for best sound and the Oscar for best music in 1987.", "film    entity is a 1940 drama film from MGM directed by Frank Borzage and starring Margaret Sullavan and James Stewart. The picture shows the impact on Germany's people in general and on one family in particular, the Roths, after Hitler becomes Chancellor of Germany and he and his fascist followers gain unlimited power. The supporting cast features Robert Young, Robert Stack, Frank Morgan, Dan Dailey, Ward Bond and Maria Ouspenskaya.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Frank Borzage, released in 1940. It is one of the most frontally anti-Nazi films released before the United States entered the war. This led to the banning of films produced by MGM in Germany.", "comics creator    entity is named after him and his colleague, Robert Bunsen.", "comics creator    entity is one of the greatest physicists of the 19th century, with essential contributions to electrodynamics, the physics of radiation and the mathematical theory of elasticity.", "soccer player    entity was an Italian footballer and coach who played as a defender. Throughout his career, he won domestic titles with Italian club Juventus, both as a player and as a manager. At international level, he took part at the 1950 FIFA World Cup with the Italy national team.", "soccer player    entity is an Italian professional footballer, who became a coach at the end of his playing career. He remained famous for having spent most of his career with the Juventus Football Club, a team where he is considered one of the club legends.", "disease    entity is the fourth and final studio album by the Dutch progressive metal band Stream of Passion. Stream of Passion produced the album after leaving Napalm Records, financing it through crowdfunding website Indiegogo, and was their only album with the same line-up than its predecessor.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by Mexican-Dutch gothic metal band Stream of Passion, released on April 18, 2014 on PIAS and Rough Trade Records.", "soccer manager    entity was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played five seasons in the National Hockey League . He played for the Montreal Canadiens, Pittsburgh Penguins, and Hartford Whalers from 1977 to 1982. After retiring, he became a sports agent, businessman, and was an owner of the Longueuil Chevaliers and the Victoriaville Tigres.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is the third studio album by English Britpop band Sleeper. The album was released on 13 October 1997 in the UK, peaking at #7 on the UK Album Chart. Two singles were released from this album, \"She's a Good Girl\", which reached #28, and \"Romeo Me\", which scraped in at #39 on the UK Top 40 singles chart. Remixes of \"Motorway Man\" by producer Steve Osbourne were released on 12\" vinyl.", "album    entity is the third and final album by British pop band Sleeper. Made in 1997, it contains two titles that will be released as singles, She's a Good Girl and Romeo Me. The album, produced by Stephen Street and Cenzo Townshend, was released on CD, cassette and LP.", "actor    entity is an American rapper from The Bronx, New York City. He is also known as 9MM or Nine Double M. Keyes got his break in early 1993 as a featured guest on Funkmaster Flex and the Ghetto Celebs' \"Six Million Ways to Die\". Keyes originally recorded under the moniker 9MM before changing his name to simply Nine. He stated, \"I didn't want to be just be named after the gun .\" His stage name refers to his date of birth , his shoe size, and his lucky number.", "actor    entity is Derrick Keyes, is an American rapper. His stage name refers to his date of birth, his shoe size and his lucky number: 9.", "album    entity is an album by John Zorn, consisting of a single live improvisation on the Aeolian-Skinner pipe organ of St. Paul's Chapel at Columbia University, which was released on Tzadik Records in June 2012. The performance was held at 11 PM on the evening of December 9, 2011, which Zorn has noted was a full moon, as an encore to a \"Composer Portrait\" ensemble performance of his works held earlier that night at the Miller Theatre. It is the first release by Zorn to exclusively document his solo improvisations on the organ, his first instrument. In 2014, Zorn released a second volume of improvisations, entity Vol. 2.", "album    entity is the recording of a solo organ concert given by John Zorn on December 9, 2011 at the Miller Theater at Columbia University. This recording is announced as the first in a series that will document John Zorn's various performances on the organ inaugurated in Philadelphia in February 2011.", "album    Ayu-mi-x_4_+_Selection_Acoustic_Orchestra_Version", "album    entity is the 11th song remix album by Ayumi Hamasaki, from the Ayu-mi-x 4 series.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Che\u0142m, within Che\u0142m County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Che \u0142 m in Che \u0142 m County, Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "military conflict    entity is sometimes referred to as the Six-Day War of Abkhazia; however, this name only takes into account the Abkhazian offensive that lasted from 20 to 26 May 1998, while hostilities and insurgent attacks had already occurred before that date.", "military conflict    entity is known in Abkhazia as the Six-Day War, having been fought from May 20 to 26, 1998, although insurgent attacks occurred before that date.", "soccer player    entity was a Croatian footballer. He was born in Zagreb and spent the majority of his career with Gra\u0111anski Zagreb, with whom he won three Yugoslav championships in the 1920s. He was also a member of the Yugoslav squad at the 1920, 1924 and 1928 Olympic tournaments.", "soccer player    entity is a Yugoslav footballer. He played a large part of his career at H\u0160K Gra \u0111 anski Zagreb, with whom he won three championships in Yugoslavia and took part in three Olympiads with Yugoslavia.", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden. Featuring lyrics written by frontman Chris Cornell and music written by bassist Ben Shepherd, entity was released in April 1997 as the fourth single from the band's fifth studio album, Down on the Upside . The song was included on Soundgarden's 1997 greatest hits album, A-Sides.", "album    entity is the fifth track from Soundgarden's latest album, Down on the Upside, written by Chris Cornell and Ben Shepherd. Rock Portal Rock Portal Music Portal Music Portal \u2022 Song section", "newspaper    entity is an American pay television network owned by WarnerMedia Studios & Networks and the flagship property of namesake parent subsidiary entity, Inc. Maintaining a general entertainment format, programming featured on the network consists primarily of theatrically released motion pictures and original television programs as well as made-for-cable movies, documentaries, occasional comedy and concert specials, and periodic interstitial programs .", "newspaper    entity is an American pay television channel which is part of the Time Warner group launched on November 8, 1972. It has several subsidiaries such as HBO Films, it is established in several dozen countries. It has notably served as a model for Super Ecran and The Movie Network in Canada as well as Canal+ in France by creating a channel model placing cinema at the heart of its offer.", "screen writer    entity was an American actress who began her career in film as a child and successfully transitioned to young adult roles. She was the recipient of four Golden Globes and three Academy Award nominations. In 2018, Robert Wagner was named as a person of interest in the ongoing investigation into Wood's death.", "screen writer    entity was an American actress, born July 20, 1938 in San Francisco and died November 29, 1981 near Santa Catalina Island.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Nas, released on July 2, 1996, by Columbia Records. After the modest commercial success of his debut album Illmatic , Nas pursued a more polished, mainstream sound for entity. Produced largely by Trackmasters, it departed from the debut's raw, underground aesthetic and embraced mafioso and gangsta themes. The recording also marked the first appearance of Nas's short-lived supergroup The Firm, featuring the rappers Foxy Brown, AZ, and Cormega.", "album    entity is a song by Nas from the album It Was Written. This track, produced by Trackmasters contains a sample of the track Shape of My Heart, performed by Sting, and was released as a single on December 10, 1996.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her third studio album, Good Girl Gone Bad . It was released worldwide on September 7, 2007, as the album's fourth single. The song was written by Tawanna Dabney and its producers StarGate. Michael Jackson also received a songwriting credit for the sampling of the line \"Mama-say, mama-sa, ma-ma-ko-ssa\" from Jackson's 1983 single \"Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'\". Both Rihanna and Jackson were sued by Cameroonian musician Manu Dibango, who asserted that the hook originated in his 1972 song \"Soul Makossa\". entity is a dance track that features rhythmic devices used primarily in hip hop music.", "album    entity is a dance song by singer Rihanna, from her third album Good Girl Gone Bad released in 2007. In France it is the second single from the album while in other countries it is already the third, as in the United Kingdom where its release was preceded by the title Shut Up and Drive. Originally it was also to be the third US single, but eventually the song was only sent to radio stations and released for club play.", "painting    entity is an album by Norwegian jazz composer and saxophonist Jan Garbarek, guitarist John Abercrombie and percussionist Nan\u8c29 Vasconcelos recorded in 1980 and released on the ECM label in 1981.", "painting    entity is an album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, released in 1980 on the Edition of Contemporary Music label. It is a trio disc with Jan Garbarek on tenor and soprano saxophone, John Abercrombie on guitars, and Nan\u00e1 Vasconcelos on percussion. The disc was recorded in December 1980.", "screen writer    entity is an English writer known for his writing partnership with Ian La Frenais. They are most famous for television series including The Likely Lads, Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?, Porridge, Lovejoy and Auf Wiedersehen, Pet.", "screen writer    entity is an English screenwriter and director born September 5, 1937.", "actor    entity is an American actress. She is best known for her co-starring roles in the NBC Saturday Morning sitcom Hang Time and Disney's Honey, I Shrunk the Kids: The TV Show. She has also guest starred in such television series as Roseanne, Boy Meets World, Judging Amy, House, The Closer, Bones, Ghost Whisperer, 90210 and others. Tuck married Bobby Croll in 2010; together, the couple have son Jasper and daughter Cleo .", "actor    entity is an American actress appearing in The Girl of the team and in Honey, I shrunk the kids. She also made appearances in various series including Amy, Bones, Ghost Whisperer, Life, Cold Case, Dr House, FBI: Missing in Action, US Marshals: Witness Protection, Grey's Anatomy, Three Rivers, The Griffins, Sheriffs in Los Angeles, My Best Years and NCIS: Special Investigations.", "album    entity is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West, released as the third single from his fifth studio album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy . The song features rappers Jay-Z, Rick Ross, Nicki Minaj, and indie folk group Bon Iver. All five credited acts have writing credits on the posse cut, with the production handled by West and Mike Dean. Lyrically, the song expresses often disturbing, horror film-influenced concepts, with some comparing the song's eerie aesthetic to the Michael Jackson track \"Thriller\". The song contains an atmospheric, drum-heavy composition.", "album    entity is a song by Kanye West, 3rd single from his 5th studio album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. It features appearances from Jay-Z, Rick Ross, Bon Iver's Justin Vernon and Nicki Minaj. entity was introduced on August 27, 2010 as part of GOOD Fridays, an operation by Kanye West on the Internet where he presented a new title every Friday.", "village    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Lot-et-Garonne department.", "album    entity was recorded as a demo during the sessions of Radiohead's first album, Pablo Honey , and remastered for inclusion on The Bends. Two music videos were produced for \"High and Dry\".", "album    entity is the first song from the album The Bends by Radiohead. This theme opens the album The Bends, and this, in an explosive way. Jonny Greenwood plays the intro on the keyboard, then enters the electric guitar. Thom Yorke starts singing, then comes the whole band. The song used to be called Planet Xerox, but the band changed it because Xerox is the name of a printing company.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American hip hop duo Capone-N-Noreaga . The album features the singles \"L.A., L.A.\", \"T.O.N.Y.\", \"Illegal Life\" and \"Closer\". Tragedy Khadafi appears on more than half of the album's songs and served roles as both producer and executive producer. Despite its strong underground overtones, the album was a commercial success, listed on 1997's Hip Hop/R&B Top Five, and certified Gold in the US.", "album    entity is Capone-N-Noreaga's debut studio album, released on June 17, 1997. group official.", "sports league    entity is a Finnish ice hockey team based at the Kupittaan j\u00e4\u00e4halli . Established in 1929, TUTO plays in Turku, Finland, and is one of two clubs in that city . The Full name of the club is entity. They play in the second highest ice hockey league in Finland, Mestis, having been relegated out of SM-liiga in 1996 .", "sports league    entity is an ice hockey club from Turku, Finland. He evolves in Mestis, the second Finnish level.", "video game    entity is a turn-based strategy and real-time tactics video game developed by Creative Assembly and published by Sega. The fifth installment in the Total War series, the game was released in 2009. The game, which focuses on the early modern period of the 18th century, was announced at the Leipzig Games Convention in August 2007. The macOS version of the game was released by Feral Interactive on 10 June 2014. The Linux version was released, also by Feral Interactive, on 8 December 2014.", "video game    entity is a Strategy video game developed by Creative Assembly and published by Sega. Released on March 4, 2009 on PC, it is the fifth installment in the Total War series. The game was released for Mac OS X on September 18, 2012.", "musical artist    entity was a Swedish DJ, remixer, record producer, musician and songwriter. Bergling retired from touring in 2016, having suffered from stress and poor mental health for several years. On 20 April 2018, he committed suicide while on holiday in Muscat, Oman. In 2019, his third and final album, Tim, was released posthumously.", "musical artist    entity is a Swedish house music producer and disc jockey. He has also produced titles under the pseudonyms Tim Berg and Tom Hangs. the sequel with his single Levels.", "vice president    entity is an American fast food company, founded in 1940 as a restaurant operated by Richard and Maurice McDonald, in San Bernardino, California, United States. They rechristened their business as a hamburger stand, and later turned the company into a franchise, with the Golden Arches logo being introduced in 1953 at a location in Phoenix, Arizona. In 1955, Ray Kroc, a businessman, joined the company as a franchise agent and proceeded to purchase the chain from the McDonald brothers. entity had its previous headquarters in Oak Brook, Illinois, but moved its global headquarters to Chicago in June 2018.", "vice president    entity is the world's largest fast food chain, serving around 64 million customers every day.", "airline    entity is the state-owned national airline of North Korea, headquartered in Sunan-guy\u014fk, Pyongyang. Based at Pyongyang International Airport , it operates international scheduled and charter services to points in Asia.", "airline    entity is the national airline of North Korea. It was created in 1954 and made its first commercial flight on September 21, 1955. It takes its name from the kingdom of Koryo which will later give its name, in Western languages, to modern Korea.", "album    entity is a Swedish gothic/doom metal band formed in S\u00e4ffle in 1994.", "album    entity is a doom/gothic metal band from Sweden formed in 1994 who write songs in an atmospheric, dark and nostalgic vein.", "video game    entity is a full motion video based game developed by The Code Monkeys and published by Sega of America for the Sega CD in 1995. An enhanced 32X CD version of the game was published by Tec Toy in Brazil in 1995.", "video game    entity is an action video game released in 1995 on 32X and Mega-CD. The game was developed by The Code Monkeys and published by Sega. This is an interactive film made in full motion video.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played eight seasons in the National Hockey League for the Edmonton Oilers, Hartford Whalers and Quebec Nordiques.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player turned coach.", "university    entity is a private Ivy League research university in Providence, Rhode Island. Founded in 1764 as the College in the English Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Brown is the seventh-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and one of the nine colonial colleges chartered before the American Revolution. Admission is among the most selective in the United States; in 2021, the university reported an acceptance rate of 5.4%.", "university    entity is a private American university founded in 1764 and located in Providence, Rhode Island. She is part of the Ivy League.", "american football player    entity is a former American football wide receiver who played for eleven seasons in the National Football League . After playing college football for Louisiana-Monroe, he was drafted by the Chicago Bears in the third round of the 1999 NFL Draft. During his first tenure with the Bears, he earned a Pro Bowl selection in 2002. He also played for the Miami Dolphins from 2004 to 2007, Bears in 2008, and Atlanta Falcons in 2009.", "american football player    entity is an American football player.", "saint    entity was a member and founder of a Polynesian royal family which reigned on the Tahitian island of Huahine and Mai'ao during the 19th century. In Tahitian, his name translate as \"sovereign-demised\" and \"the-sky-forest\" respectively. He was installed as king of Huahine in 1852 until his deposition in 1868.", "saint    entity was a 19th century Polynesian ruler who reigned over the small kingdom of Huahine and Maia'o between 1852 and 1868.", "tennis player    entity is an Icelandic former javelin thrower.", "tennis player    entity is an Icelandic javelin thrower.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper from Queens, New York City, New York.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper, singer and producer.", "musical artist    entity is an American punk blues band including the husband and wife duo of Jon Spencer and Cristina Martinez along with Jens Jurgensen , Hollis Queens and Mickey Finn . The band achieved some notoriety, not only due to their abrasive sound, but more to Martinez's confrontational use of nudity on the band's record sleeves. In their 27-year history, the band's releases have been relatively sporadic, but comprised four full-length albums, a mini-album, three EP's and several singles. Between 2008 and 2010, the band played live and toured Europe and the US.", "musical artist    entity is an American rock band, very influenced by the blues. Its leader is Jon Spencer of Jon Spencer Blues Explosion. If we consider the respective notorieties of entity and Jon Spencer Blues Explosion, as well as the charismatic personality of Jon Spencer, entity can be considered as a side-project of Jon Spencer.", "film    entity is the ninth major release and first soundtrack album by the German band Tangerine Dream. It is the soundtrack for the film entity. It reached No.25 on the UK Albums Chart in a 7-week run, to become Tangerine Dream's third highest-charting album in the UK.", "film    entity is an album by Tangerine Dream released in 1977. It is the soundtrack to the film entity by director William Friedkin. This film is itself a remake of the French film \"The Wages of Fear\".", "village    entity is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Corse-du-Sud and the Corse region.", "single    entity is the United States Armed Forces' third-highest military decoration for valor in combat. entity is awarded primarily to members of the United States Armed Forces for gallantry in action against an enemy of the United States.", "single    entity is a medal created by act of the Congress of the United States of America, of July 9, 1918 then modified by act of July 25, 1963.", "village    entity is a federation of municipalities of the rural Saulnois region, located in the department of Moselle in Eastern France. It consists of 128 communes. Its seat is in Ch\u8292teau-Salins.", "village    entity is an intermunicipal structure located in the department of Moselle in the Lorraine region. It is the EPCI which includes the largest number of municipalities in France: 128 municipalities spread over the 5 cantons of a arrondissement.", "album    entity is a live album by Deep Purple. After the band's demise in 1976, a live album called Last Concert in Japan was released in 1977. It was compiled from a show the band did in Tokyo on 15 December 1975. It was heavily edited and, coming on the heels of their previous Japanese-recorded album Made in Japan, it failed to deliver, and was never released neither in UK nor in the US. In 2001, the complete show was released as entity '75.", "album    entity is a live album by British hard rock band Deep Purple. After the band broke up in 1976, a live album called Last Concert in Japan was released in 1977, collecting portions of the band's concerts in Tokyo from December 1975. However, this album was not a commercial success, being far inferior to Made in Japan and was not even published in the United States. It was actually taken from the soundtrack of a quick stereo mix made for television.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played in the NHL. He is currently the color analyst on WGN-AM broadcasts of Chicago Blackhawks hockey games. Murray was born in Calgary, Alberta.", "soccer manager    entity is a retired professional ice hockey player who played at center.", "village    entity is a town in Litchfield County, Connecticut, United States. The population was estimated to be 7,535 in 2019, down from 7,887 at the 2010 census but up from 7,503 at the 2000 census. The urban center of the town is the entity census-designated place, with a population of 1,910 at the 2010 census.", "village    entity is a city in Litchfield County, Connecticut. At the 2010 census, its population was 7,887.", "place    entity is the fourth studio album by American progressive rock band Spock's Beard. The multi-part epic \"The Healing Colors of Sound\" comprises tracks 8 through 14 on the album. A CD single promoting the track \"\" was subsequently released as well.The single contained 3 additional tracks: An edited version of \"The Healing Colors of Sound\", \"Can't Get It Wrong\", and also the Neal Morse track \"Lost Cause\", taken from his self-titled debut solo album.", "place    entity is the fourth studio album by progressive rock band, Spock's Beard.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He was previously a prospect under contract to the Colorado Avalanche of the National Hockey League .", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "village    entity is located in western Switzerland. The canton is bilingual, with French spoken by two thirds of the citizens and German by about one third. Both are official languages in the canton. The canton takes its name from its capital city of Fribourg.", "village    entity is a bilingual canton in western Switzerland.", "building    entity is a 62-metre-high pyramid in Nur-Sultan, the capital of Kazakhstan, that serves as a non-denominational national spiritual centre and an event venue. Designed by Foster and Partners, with a stained glass apex and windows by architectural artist Brian Clarke, the Palace was constructed to house the triennial Congress of Leaders of World and Traditional Religions, and completed in 2006.", "building    entity is a pyramid-shaped religious and cultural building built in 2006 in Astana, Kazakhstan. It is 62 meters high. It was designed by Foster + Partners and Tabanl \u0131 o \u011f lu Architects.Kazakhstan Portal Kazakhstan Portal Religions and Beliefs Portal Religions and Beliefs Portal", "instrumentalist    entity is often dubbed as the \"Father of Chinese popular music\". He created a new musical form with shidaiqu after the fall of the Qing Dynasty\u2014moving away from established musical forms. Although Li's music was extremely popular, the Chinese Nationalist Party attempted to ban his music. Critics branded his music as \"Yellow Music\", a form of pornography, because of its sexual associations and he was branded a \"corruptor\" of public morals. This kind of popular music was banned in China after the Communist takeover in 1949, and Li was eventually hounded to his death, a victim of political persecution", "instrumentalist    entity is a Chinese composer considered the \u201cFather of Chinese Folk Music\u201d. He is the creator of the new musical style Shidaiqu. Although his music was extremely popular, the nationalist Kuomintang tried to have it banned. Critics accuse him of making \"yellow music\", a form of pornography, because of its sexual references, and he is accused of \"corrupting\" public morals. This kind of popular music is banned in China after the", "actor    entity is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and actor. He is one of the world's best-selling music artists, with sales of over 88 million records worldwide. Timberlake is the recipient of numerous awards and accolades, including ten Grammy Awards, four Primetime Emmy Awards, three Brit Awards, nine Billboard Music Awards, the Contemporary Icon Award by the Songwriters Hall of Fame, and the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. According to Billboard, he is the best performing male soloist in the history of the Mainstream Top 40.", "actor    entity is an American singer, songwriter, producer and actor, born January 31, 1981 in Memphis. He started in the American boy band NSYNC and won nine Grammy Awards and two Emmy Awards during his career. In 2002, he released his first solo album, Justified, which sold over 10 million copies worldwide.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres west of Nasielsk, 19 km north of Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki, and 47 km north-west of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Nasielsk in Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki County, Mazovia Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies about 5 kilometers west of Nasielsk, 19 kilometers north of Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki and 47 kilometers northwest of Warsaw.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Pantera. Released on February 25, 1992 through Atco Records, it was the band's second collaboration with producer Terry Date, after having previously worked with him on their breakthrough album Cowboys from Hell .", "album    entity is the sixth album by the band Pantera, released on February 25, 1992. Often considered to be one of the most influential metal albums of the 1990s, entity revitalized thrash metal, with fast riffs and powerful, omnipresent rhythms and an irritating voice.", "actor    entity is a fictional character from the Brazilian children's TV series Bal\u00e3o M\u00e1gico and TV entity. He was portrayed by the Brazilian actor and humorist Orival Pessini. He became a hit amongst Brazilian kids in the early 1980s, having his own TV show, discs, dolls and many licensed products. In 1989 the character starred in a theatrical movie titled . The character has also led to several other licensed products and sold numerous albums of children's songs during the 80s and 90s.", "actor    entity is a Brazilian volleyball player who plays as a setter.", "soccer player    entity is a French professional footballer who plays as a striker for La Louvi\u00e8re Centre. Fortun\u00e9 started his professional career at Angoul\u00eame in 1998, switching to Lille in 2002. He spent the 2003\u201304 season on loan to Rouen and switched permanently to Brest in July 2004. A year later he moved to Dutch club Utrecht. He joined AS Nancy in January 2007, also spending a six-month loan spell at West Bromwich Albion from January 2009 until the end of the 2009\u201310 season. Fortun\u00e9 signed for Celtic in July 2009 before returning to West Brom in August 2010, this time on a permanent deal. He later played for Doncaster Rovers, Wigan Athletic, Coventry City, Southend United and Chesterfield", "soccer player    entity is a French footballer born in Cayenne on July 2, 1981. He weighs 76 kg for 1.83 m. He plays at Wigan Athletic.", "single    entity is a former tennis player from Greece who turned professional in 1989. Her biggest career achievement was reaching the final of the Copa Colsanitas Seguros Bolivar tournament in 1999, losing to Fabiola Zuluaga and winning the doubles title with Seda Noorlander in the same tournament. Papadaki reached her career-high ranking of world No. 72 in May 1999.", "single    entity is a Greek tennis player, professional from 1989 to 1999. She won a WTA doubles tournament during her career, the Bogot\u00e1 Open in 1999 with Seda Noorlander.", "screen writer    entity is a documentary film maker from Togo.", "screen writer    entity is a Togolese documentary filmmaker.", "comics creator    entity is a former Lecturer SOE of computer science at University of California, Berkeley. He and his students developed an educational programming language named UCBLogo which is free and open-source software, a dialect of the language Logo, as an interpreter, for learners.", "comics creator    entity is an American university lecturer at the University of California at Berkeley. He is known in the context of these activities for having developed with his students UCBLogo, an implementation of the Logo language. He held the position of computer director at the LSRHS from 1979 to 1982. In this school, he reproduced the hacker environment he experienced as a student in the artificial intelligence laboratories of MIT and Stanford University.", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden. Written by frontman Chris Cornell, entity was released on November 18, 1996, as the third single from the band's fifth studio album, Down on the Upside . The song topped the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, where it spent a total of four weeks at number one. The song was included on Soundgarden's 1997 greatest hits album, A-Sides.", "album    entity is a song by rock band Soundgarden. It is the sixth track from the final album Down On The Upside, released in 1996. The band released entity as a single in the fall of the same year. The disc contains an unreleased titled A Splice of Space Jam. The song became a hit and topped the US Mainstream Rock charts for four weeks.", "single    entity was the younger brother of George III of the United Kingdom and the second son of Frederick, Prince of Wales, and Princess Augusta of Saxe-Gotha.", "single    entity was the younger brother of George III of the United Kingdom, the second son of Frederick of Wales and d 'Augusta of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg.", "video game    entity is a sim racing video game developed by the Italian video game developer Kunos Simulazioni. It is designed with an emphasis on a realistic racing experience with support for extensive customization and moddability. The game was first released through the Steam Early Access program on 8 November 2013, and officially left Early Access as final release version on 19 December 2014.", "video game    entity is a car racing video game for PC.", "film    entity is a French comedy film directed by Pierre Richard released in 1978.", "film    entity is a French comedy directed by Pierre Richard, released in 1978.", "album    entity is a song by the English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys. It is the opening track on their second album, Favourite Worst Nightmare. The song was released as the first single from the album on 2 April 2007, debuting at number 21 in the UK Singles Chart via downloads alone. The single was released in physical formats on 16 April, the week before the release of the album, and charted at number two on the UK Singles Chart behind Beyonc\u00e9 and Shakira's \"Beautiful Liar\". In Scotland, the song became the band's fourth consecutive number-one single on the Scottish Singles Chart. entity is one of the band's most successful singles worldwide, reaching number four in Denmark, number seven in Ireland, and number 10 in Spain.", "album    entity is a song by indie rock band Arctic Monkeys from their Favorite Worst Nightmare album released on April 2, 2007. downloaded in 20th place.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by rap group Tha Dogg Pound and is also the name of the album's title track and lead single. It was released through Koch and Snoop Dogg's Doggystyle Records on June 27, 2006. Besides Daz and Kurupt, the album also features Tha Dogg Pound family . Also appearing are David Banner, Ice Cube, Paul Wall and producers Battlecat, Fredwreck, Swizz Beatz and Jazze Pha.", "album    entity is Tha Dogg Pound's fourth studio album, released on June 27, 2006.", "prefecture    entity is a department in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region of France, with its prefecture in Aurillac. Its other principal towns are Saint-Flour and Mauriac and its residents are known as entityians . entity borders the departments of Puy-de-D\u00f4me, Haute-Loire, Aveyron, Lot, Loz\u00e8re and Corr\u00e8ze, in the Massif Central natural region.", "prefecture    entity is a French department located in the Auvergne region, whose name comes from the entity volcano which occupies the center of its territory. Its prefecture is Aurillac. Insee and the Post Office assign it the code 15. It corresponds to the region of Haute-Auvergne, as opposed to Basse-Auvergne, which has become the department of Puy-de-D\u00f4me.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band Muse. It is the second track and second single from Muse's sixth studio album, The 2nd Law , released as a download on 20 August 2012. It was written by singer and guitarist Matthew Bellamy and produced by the band. The music video premiered on 5 September 2012. entity spent 19 weeks at number one on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart, becoming the second-longest-running number-one song on the chart. The song earned a nomination in the Best Rock Song category at the 2013 Grammy Awards.", "album    entity is a song from the album The 2nd Law by British band Muse. This is the second single from the album released on August 20, 2012. and the third promotional single from the album after Survival, a few weeks earlier as the official anthem of the London Olympics and Unsustainable in early August. This is the band's 27th single. The song was revealed by the band during Zane Lowe's BBC Radio 1 show at 8:30 p.m. French time.", "single    entity was a son of Emperor Alexander II of Russia, a brother of Emperor Alexander III of Russia and the senior Grand Duke of the House of Romanov during the reign of his nephew, Emperor Nicholas II. He was also the great-grandfather of Prince Michael of Kent.", "single    entity was a member of the Imperial Family. He was Grand Duke of Russia and a member of the Imperial Family of Russia. He was adjutant-general, general of infantry, senator, member of the Council of State, member of the Council of Ministers.", "album    entity is a song written by Paul McCartney and performed by Paul McCartney and Wings. It was issued as a non-album single by Apple Records in October 1974, whereupon it peaked at No. 3 in the United States and No. 16 in the United Kingdom.", "album    entity is a song by Paul McCartney and the Wings released as a single in October 1974. Recorded in Nashville, it is fast rock. On the B side is the song Sally G, with a country tone. It is the only unreleased single released by the band between their Band on the Run and Venus and Mars albums. Side B also enters the top 20, in 17th place.", "village    entity is the principal seaport and the third-largest city in Croatia . It is located in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County on Kvarner Bay, an inlet of the Adriatic Sea and in 2011 had a population of 128,624 inhabitants. Historically, because of its strategic position and its excellent deep-water port, the city was fiercely contested, especially between the HRE, Hungary , Italy and Croatia, changing rulers and demographics many times over centuries. According to the 2011 census data, the majority of i", "village    entity is a town and municipality located in Kvarner Bay, in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County, Croatia. In the 2001 census, the municipality had 144,043 inhabitants, of which 80.39% were Croats, 6.21% Serbs and 1.92% Italians and the town alone had 143,800 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a commune in the Aude department, part of the ancient Languedoc province and the present-day Occitanie region in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Aude in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called Belcairois.", "disease    entity is the fourth full-length album by American deathcore band Carnifex. It was released worldwide on October 24, 2011 through Victory Records. It is the band's last album to feature lead guitarist Ryan Gudmunds.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by American deathcore band Carnifex. The album was released on October 24, 2011 under the Victory Records label.", "village    entity is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Eure in the Haute-Normandie region.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres north-east of Krotoszyn and 87 km south-east of the regional capital Pozna\u0144.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Krotoszyn in Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "grand prix    entity was held on 13 August 2006 between 2005\u201306 Eredivisie champions PSV Eindhoven and 2005\u201306 KNVB Cup winners Ajax. Ajax won the match 3\u20131.", "grand prix    entity is the seventeenth edition of the Dutch Supercup, a contest between the Dutch champion and the winner of the Dutch Cup. Played on August 13, 2006 at the Amsterdam ArenA in front of 35,000 spectators, the match was won by Ajax Amsterdam at the expense of its rival, PSV Eindhoven.", "village    entity is a town in Kailahun District in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone. entity should not be confused with Koidu, which is a major diamond mining town in Kono District and market center. The population of entity is estimated at 16,751. entity lies approximately 63 miles from Kenema and about 230 miles east of Freetown. The population of entity is largely from the Kissi ethnic group.", "village    entity is a town located in the Eastern Province, Sierra Leone.", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band Kiss, released on their eighth studio album, Unmasked. It was released as the third single of the album on November 1, 1980. The song was never performed live.", "album    entity is a song by Kiss from the album Unmasked and released as the third and final single from that album.", "record label    entity is a film production, distribution, and exhibition company based in Hong Kong. It dominated Hong Kong cinema box office sales from the 1970s to the 1980s, and played a major role in introducing Hong Kong action films to Western markets, especially those by Bruce Lee , Jackie Chan, and Sammo Hung.", "record label    entity is a Hong Kong-based film production and distribution company. It played a major role in becoming the first Asian film company to penetrate the Western market thanks to two of its actors Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan.", "prefecture    entity is a province of Spain, belonging to the autonomous community of Castilla\u2013La Mancha. As of 2013 it had a population of 257,723 people. The population of the province has grown in the last 10 years. It is located in the centre of the Iberian Peninsula.", "prefecture    entity is one of the five provinces of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, in central Spain. Its capital is the city of Guadalajara.", "political party    entity is an Abrahamic, monotheistic, and ethnic religion comprising the collective religious, cultural, and legal tradition and civilization of the Jewish people. It has its roots as an organized religion in the Middle East during the Bronze Age. Modern entity evolved from Yahwism, the religion of ancient Israel and Judah, by around 500 BCE, and is thus considered to be one of the oldest monotheistic religions. entity is considered by religious Jews to be the expression of the covenant that God established with the Israelites, their ancestors. It encompasses a wide body of texts, practices, theological positions, and forms of organization.", "political party    For the Encyclopedia Britannica, the word Judaism covers the religion of the Jews, as well as the theology, law and cultural traditions of the Jewish people, made up of the descendants of the Israelites from the ancient land of Israel and the few minorities having joined by conversion and having mixed with them over the course of their diaspora of two millennia.", "vice president    entity is a French container transportation and shipping company. It is a leading worldwide shipping group, using 257 shipping routes between 420 ports in 160 different countries. Its headquarters are in Marseille, France, European Union and its North American headquarters are in Norfolk, Virginia, United States. The name is an acronym of two predecessor companies, Compagnie Maritime d'Affr\u00e8tement and Compagnie G\u00e9n\u00e9rale Maritime , which translate as \"Maritime Freighting Company\" and \"General Maritime Company\".", "vice president    entity is the world's third-largest container shipping company and the first in France. Its global transport offer includes maritime transport, port handling and land logistics .", "village    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France. On 1 January 2019, the former communes Coulombiers and Saint-Germain-sur-Sarthe were merged into entity.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 2,102 inhabitants.", "political party    entity is a centrist political party in France that is characterised by a strong pro-European stance. MoDem was founded by Fran\u00e7ois Bayrou to succeed the Union for French Democracy and contest the 2007 legislative election, after his strong showing in the 2007 presidential election. Initially named the Democratic Party , the party was renamed \"Democratic Movement\", because there was already a small Democratic Party in France.", "political party    entity is a French center political party created by Fran\u00e7ois Bayrou following the 2007 presidential election. The MoDem intends to bring together democrats concerned with an independent and central position on the political spectrum.", "video game    entity is a tactical shooter video game, developed by Pterodon and Illusion Softworks, published by 2K Games for Microsoft Windows in October 2005, and set during the Vietnam War. It is the direct sequel to Vietcong.", "video game    entity is a first-person shooter video game set in the Vietnam War, released in 2005 and running on Windows. The game was developed by Pterodon and Illusion Softworks and then published by 2K Games. This is the second installment in the Vietcong series.", "album    entity is the 17th single by Berryz Kobo. The single was released on July 9, 2008.", "album    entity is the 17th single from Japanese pop group Berryz K\u014db\u014d.", "volcano    entity is a 1989 dictator novel by Colombian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel Garc\u00eda M\u00e1rquez. It is a fictionalized account of the last seven months of Sim\u00f3n Bol\u00edvar, liberator and leader of Gran Colombia. The book traces Bol\u00edvar's final journey from Bogot\u00e1 to the Caribbean coastline of Colombia in his attempt to leave South America for exile in Europe. Breaking with the traditional heroic portrayal of Bol\u00edvar El Libertador, Garc\u00eda M\u00e1rquez depicts a pathetic protagonist, a prematurely aged man who is physically ill and mentally exhausted. The story explores the labyrinth of Bol\u00edvar's life through the narrative of his memories, in which \"despair, sickness, and death inevitably win out over love, health, and life\".", "volcano    entity is a novel by Colombian writer and Nobel Prize winner Gabriel Garc\u00eda M\u00e1rquez. It is a fictionalized account of the last days of Sim\u00f3n Bol\u00edvar, the liberator and first president of the Republic of Colombia.", "musical artist    entity is a Norwegian musician. He has released a vast amount of work under numerous aliases but is best known for his work under the alias Savant.", "musical artist    entity is the fifth album by Norwegian electronic dance music producer Aleksander Vinter, and his third under the name Savant.", "village    entity is a city and comune in Veneto, northern Italy. entity is on the river Bacchiglione, west of Venice. It is the capital of the province of entity. It is also the economic and communications hub of the area. entity's population is 214,000 . The city is sometimes included, with Venice and Treviso, in the entity-Treviso-Venice Metropolitan Area which has a population of around 2,600,000.", "village    entity is an Italian city, in the Veneto region of the Po plain, located in the north of the peninsula 40 kilometers from Venice, on the Bacchiglione river. Saint Anthony of entity, originally from Lisbon, owes his name to this city.", "village    entity is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pieni\u0119\u017cno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany .", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in the Braniewo County.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Be\u0142chat\u00f3w, within Be\u0142chat\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland.", "village    entity is a village in Be\u0142chat\u00f3w Gmina , Be\u0142chat\u00f3w County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland .", "lake    entity is a lake in Corsica, France. At an elevation of 2321 m, its surface area is 0.075 km\u00b2. In French, it is sometimes alternatively known as Lac de Bellebone or Lac du Rotondo. It is the largest lake in Corsica.", "lake    entity is a lake located at 2,321 meters above sea level that is part of the Monte Rotondo massif, which overlooks it by 300 meters. It is a Corsican lake of glacial origin. Its emissary is the ravine of Monte Rotondo which merges with the stream of Manganello at coast 1,350.", "military person    entity is the heir to the 3rd Marine Artillery Regiment created in Rochefort by Napoleon Bonaparte's consular decree of May 13, 1803, the 3rd Colonial Artillery Regiment, then the 3rd Marine Artillery Regiment. The 3e RAMa has been present in either a constituted corps or isolated unit since 1803, on almost all the battlefields in which France has been engaged. The regiment was founded in a third operational phase in 1943.", "military person    entity is the heir of the 3rd Marine Artillery Regiment created in Rochefort by consular decree on May 13, 1803, the 3rd Colonial Artillery Regiment and then the 3rd Marine Artillery Regiment. The 3rd RAMa was present as a body or in isolated units since that date, on almost all the battlefields where France fought.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Swedish singer Tove Lo from her debut extended play , Truth Serum, and her debut studio album, Queen of the Clouds . It was written by Lo with Ludvig S\u00f6derberg and Jakob Jerlstr\u00f6m, while it was produced by the latter two under the production name The Struts. Initially, the singer self-released the song under the title \"Habits\" on 15 March 2013 as her second independently released single. After Lo was signed to Universal Music, the track was re-released on 6 December 2013 under the title of entity as both the second single from Truth Serum and the lead single from Queen of the Clouds. Musically, it is a pop and electropop song which features a minimal and upbeat electronic instrumentation. Its lyrics delve into the singer's", "album    entity is a musical single by Swedish singer Tove Lo released in 2013.", "village    Cartier dapat mengacu pada beberapa hal berikut:", "village    entity is served by Via Rail Canada. It consists of a heated shelter without services.", "christian bishop    entity was a Swiss biblical scholar and historian of early Christianity. He was the Frothingham Professor Emeritus of the History of Religion at Harvard Divinity School. Bovon was a graduate of the University of Lausanne and held a doctorate in theology from the University of Basel . From 1967 to 1993, he taught in the Faculty of Theology at the University of Geneva. Bovon was an honorary professor at the University of Geneva and in 1993 he received an honorary doctorate from the Faculty of Theology at Uppsala University, Sweden. He was president of the Swiss Society of Theology from 1973 to 1977 and president of the Studiorum Novi Testamenti Societas in 2000.", "christian bishop    entity is a Protestant pastor and university professor of Swiss theology.", "album    entity is an American musician, predominantly a guitarist. The entity discography currently includes 329 studio albums , 1 live album, 4 special releases, 1 extended play, 5 demo tapes, 3 solo DVD video releases, 2 DVD video releases with Cornbugs, 3 music videos, 7 unreleased albums , 3 solo videography releases, and 16 videography releases with other artists.", "album    entity is the 27th album by Buckethead, released on February 6, 2010. Its release was announced on February 5, 2010, the day before, and was posted the next day on the TDRSMusic.com website.", "village    entity is a city in Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States and the largest suburb of Wichita. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 25,625.", "village    entity is located in the county of Sedgwick, in the state of Kansas. It had 22,158 inhabitants at the 2010 census.", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden. Featuring lyrics written by frontman Chris Cornell and music written by guitarist Kim Thayil, entity was released in 1990 as the second single from the band's second full-length studio album, Louder Than Love . It also appeared on the band's EP Loudest Love, released in 1990. The song was included on Soundgarden's 1997 greatest hits album, A-Sides and appeared on the band's compilation album Telephantasm.", "album    entity is a song by the grunge band Soundgarden. It is the second track from their second album Louder Than Love, released in 1989. It was also the second single from the album, and appeared on the EP Loudest Love. music \u2022 Song section", "musical artist    entity was a German jazz trombonist. Working mainly in free jazz, he was an innovator in multiphonics.", "musical artist    entity is a German jazz trombonist and composer. He was one of the most innovative trombonists in modern jazz and free jazz, notably developing an original technique based on polyphonic playing \u2014 a technique that appeared in the 18th century consisting of playing one note and singing another simultaneously to produce three, even four sounds.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member GZA. The album was released August 19, 2008 on Babygrande Records. It serves as his first release since his collaboration album with DJ Muggs, Grandmasters , and follows six years after his last solo effort, Legend of the Liquid Sword . Production for the album took place during 2008 and was handled by several record producers, including RZA, , Preservation, Mathematics, Black Milk, Arabian Knight, True Master", "album    entity is GZA's fifth studio album, released on August 19, 2008. The album ranked #2 on Top Independent Albums, #13 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and #52 on the Billboard 200.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Ufa in the Republic of Bashkortostan, a federal subject of the Russian Federation. They are members of the Chernyshev Division of the Kontinental Hockey League.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey club from Russia, based in Ufa. He plays in the KHL.", "album    entity is a song by British singer Leona Lewis featured on the North American version and on the international deluxe edition of her debut album Spirit . Musically, entity is a pop track with dance influences, written in A minor. The lyrics tell the story of a girl who has found a new love and asks her old one for forgiveness. The song was written by Aliaune \"Akon\" Thiam, Claude Kelly and Giorgio Tuinfort, and produced by the former. entity was released as the fourth single of the album in the United Kingdom on 3 November 2008. The single includes the B-side \"Myself\", written by and featuring vocals of American musician Novel.", "album    entity is a song performed by Leona Lewis released in 2008. It is part of the album Spirit. This is the 5th single from this album and the 6th single from Leona.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band the Killers. It was released as the second official single from the group's debut studio album Hot Fuss , and was written by band members Brandon Flowers, Mark Stoermer, Dave Keuning and Ronnie Vannucci Jr.. In an interview with Rolling Stone, Brandon Flowers said: \"This is the story of trying to meet someone in a club.\" It is written in the key of B-flat minor. In Australia, the song was ranked number four on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2004. In 2009, it was voted at number nine in XFM's Top 100 Songs of the Decade.", "album    entity is a song by The Killers, released on their album Hot Fuss in 2004. It is their first single.Rock Portal Rock Portal Music Portal Music Portal \u2022 Song section", "village    entity is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris, located 8 km from its centre. It is a subprefecture of the Hauts-de-Seine department and thus the seat of the larger arrondissement of entity. It includes two large islands in the Seine: \u00cele Saint-Germain and \u00cele Seguin. With a population of 121,334 as of 2018, it is the department's most populous commune. entity is the most populous suburb of Paris, as well as one of the most densely populated municipalities in Europe.", "village    entity is a French commune of Hauts-de-Seine in the \u00cele-de-France region, the most populated of the Ile-de-France communes after Paris. Major economic center of \u00cele-de-France, entity welcomed in 2006 a dozen thousands of businesses, making it the second largest park in the Ile-de-France region after Paris.", "soccer manager    entity is a Costa Rican football coach, general manager and retired player who played for Club Sport Herediano.", "soccer manager    entity is a Costa Rican international football player, who played as a midfielder before becoming a coach.", "cricketer    entity is a Moroccan former professional footballer who played as a defender.", "cricketer    entity is a Moroccan footballer born March 24, 1985 in Fez. He plays as a defensive midfielder at Wydad de Casablanca. His training club is the Maghreb of Fez.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by Hallucinogen, released on 16 October 1995 on Dragonfly Records. The album reached Number 27 in the French album charts, and it is one of the most successful albums releases in the genre, with a total sales over 85,000 copies worldwide. In 1999, the album was re-released on Simon Posford's own label, entity Records. The first track on the album, \"LSD\", was widely played.", "album    entity is a Goa Trance album by Hallucinogen released in 1995 for Dragonfly Records. It is one of the most successful albums in the genre, it has sold over 85,000 copies. The first song, \"LSD\", was a huge success and remains for many the very definition of Trance Goa.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Rawicz, which lies 88 kilometres south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The county contains three other towns: Miejska G\u00f3rka, 9 km north-east of Rawicz, Bojanowo, 13 km north-west of Rawicz, and Jutrosin, 22 km east of Rawicz.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a county belonging to Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "river    entity is a river of the Greater Upper Nile region in northeastern South Sudan, Africa. It is the most southerly of the great eastern tributaries of the White Nile, before the confluence with the Blue Nile.", "river    entity is the northernmost of the Nile's tributaries. It would provide 14% of the waters of the Nile.", "album    entity is the ninth studio album by American rapper Scarface. The album was released on December 4, 2007, by Rap-A-Lot Records, Asylum Records and Atlantic Records. The album was both critically and commercially successful, making it to 17 on the Billboard 200 and 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. One single was released, \"Girl You Know\" featuring R&B singer, Trey Songz, which became a minor hit on the R&B charts.", "album    entity is Scarface's tenth studio album, released on December 4, 2007.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Dutch DJ and record producer Ti\u00ebsto, released on 6 October 2009 by Musical Freedom, Ti\u00ebsto's new label in association with PIAS Recordings. The album contains collaborations with Nelly Furtado, Emily Haines of Metric, Tegan and Sara, J\u00f3nsi of Sigur R\u00f3s, Kele Okereke of Bloc Party, and Calvin Harris among others.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by Dutch disc jockey and composer Ti\u00ebsto, released on October 6, 2009 on the Musical Freedom label. This label is produced by Ti\u00ebsto himself as well as by disc jockey Dada Life. This album contains many collaborations including with Nelly Furtado, Emily Haines of Metric, Tegan and Sara, J\u00f3nsi of Sigur R\u00f3s, Kele Okereke of Bloc Party, and Calvin Harris.", "record label    entity was an entertainment company and major music record label formerly based in the Netherlands. It was founded in 1962 as the Grammophon-Philips Group by Dutch corporation Philips and German corporation Siemens, to be a holding for their record companies, and was renamed \"PolyGram\" in 1972. The name was chosen to reflect the Siemens interest Polydor Records and the Philips interest Phonogram Records. The company traced its origins through Deutsche Grammophon back to the inventor of the flat disc gramophone, Emil Berliner.", "record label    entity was a music label and company that was established in 1962 and disappeared in 1999 when Universal Music Group was formed.", "album    entity is a song by German industrial metal band Rammstein, released as the first single from their album Rosenrot. In Germany, gasoline is called Benzin . The song uses the word \"Gasolin\", however the word does not exist in the German language, but it is an English word made German. There was, however, a German chain of gas stations called \"Gasolin.\" Benzin was Rammstein's first number one single, getting to number one in Finland after its release in 2005.", "album    entity is a song by Rammstein released as a single from their album Rosenrot. It's about a person who is addicted to gasoline like a drug: \"Ich brauche Zeit, kein Heroin kein Alkohol, kein Nikotin Brauch keine Hilfe, kein Koffein Nur Dynamit und Terpentin\" (\"I need time , no heroin, no alcohol, no nicotine, no help needed, no caffeine, only dynamite and turpentine\u201d", "grand prix    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 13 November 1994 at the Adelaide Street Circuit. It was the sixteenth and final race of the 1994 Formula One World Championship. The 81-lap race was won by Nigel Mansell driving for the Williams team after starting from pole position. Gerhard Berger finished second in a Ferrari car with Martin Brundle third for the McLaren team.", "grand prix    entity was held on November 13 at the Adelaide Street Circuit. Before this Grand Prix, only one point separates the two contenders for the world title, Michael Schumacher and Damon Hill. On the thirty-fifth lap, Schumacher lost control of his single-seater, hit the wall and returned to the track just ahead of Hill, who was trying to overtake him.", "cricketer    entity is a Gambian professional footballer who plays as a winger for English club Gillingham and the Gambia national team. He was also previously eligible to play for Senegal and holds a British passport.", "cricketer    entity is a Gambian international footballer as a winger.", "prefecture    entity is the capital of Transnistria , a breakaway state in Moldova , where it is the second largest city. The city is located on the eastern bank of the Dniester River. entity is a regional hub of light industry, such as furniture and electrical goods production.", "prefecture    entity is a city in Moldova, located on the east bank of the Dniester River. It is the second most populated city in the country: 159,163 inhabitants in 2004.", "writer    entity is typically considered to have lasted until 1802. From 1802 to around 1812, his \"middle\" period showed an individual development from the \"classical\" styles of Joseph Haydn and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, and is sometimes characterized as \"heroic\"", "writer    entity is a German composer born in Bonn on December 16 or 17, 1770 and died in Vienna on March 26, 1827. The last great representative of Viennese classicism, Beethoven prepared the evolution towards romanticism in music and influenced Western music during much of the 19th century.", "actor    entity is an American disc jockey, rapper, record producer, actor, and host on New York City's Hot 97 radio station. In 1992, he became host of the first hip hop radio show on Hot 97 in New York, which was a pop radio station at the time.", "actor    entity is an American disc jockey, rapper and music producer.", "film    entity is a 1959 British and West German film directed by Robert Aldrich, based on Lawrence P. Bachmann's novel The Phoenix. The Hammer Films/UFA joint production stars Jack Palance, Jeff Chandler and Martine Carol. Robert Aldrich's direction is noted for its meticulous attention to the techniques of bomb deactivation and disposal.", "film    entity is a 1959 American-British film directed by Robert Aldrich.", "film    entity is a 2005 American romantic drama film written and directed by Hunter Richards. It stars Chris Evans, Jason Statham, Jessica Biel, Joy Bryant, Kelli Garner, and Isla Fisher.", "film    entity is a British-American film by Hunter Richards, released in theaters in 2005.", "album    entity is a gothic duo led by German Tilo Wolff, the main composer, and Finn Anne Nurmi. They are currently based in Switzerland, but originally from Germany. Originally counted among the bands of the Neue Deutsche Todeskunst genre, entity have developed their style more towards powerful metal, but gothic elements still remain. The band has sold more than 20,000 copies of each album in Germany, but has also gained a large fanbase in Russia, Mexico and China.", "album    entity is a German-Swiss musical project, led since 1990 by the German Tilo Wolff, joined in 1993 by the Finnish Anne Nurmi, former keyboardist of the Two Witches. He was affiliated with the current of darkwave, before moving from Satura towards a more metal and orchestral style. The band is currently based in Switzerland, but hails from Frankfurt, Germany, the hometown of Tilo Wolff.", "musical artist    entity is an American-born Mexican singer, songwriter, instrumentalist and producer who sings pop-rock-indie in Spanish. She went on to join several bands including Mexican ska band Tijuana No!. Venegas plays 17 instruments including acoustic guitar, accordion, and keyboard. She is one of the most recognized Latin singers worldwide.", "musical artist    entity is a Mexican singer-songwriter born in Long Beach, California on November 24, 1970.", "musical artist    entity was an American jazz alto saxophonist and composer, best known for his work with the Dave Brubeck Quartet and for composing that group's biggest hit, \"Take Five\". He was one of the most popular musicians to come out of the cool jazz scene. In addition to his work with Brubeck, he led several groups and collaborated with Gerry Mulligan, Chet Baker, Jim Hall, and Ed Bickert. After years of chain smoking and poor health, Desmond succumbed to lung cancer in 1977 after a tour with Brubeck.", "musical artist    entity is Paul Emil Breitenfeld, was a jazz saxophonist born in San Francisco on November 25, 1924 and died in New York on May 30, 1977. He chose Desmond as his pseudonym in a telephone directory.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Che\u0142m, within Che\u0142m County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Che\u0142m in Che\u0142m County , Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "city    entity is the governmental office and residence of the President of Panama. It receives its name because of herons roaming freely in the courtyard. The herons were first brought to the building in 1922, by the former president Belisario Porras Barahona, at the suggestion of friend and famed Panamanian poet Ricardo Mir\u8d38.", "city    entity is the seat of the Presidency of the Republic of Panama. It is located in the historic center of Panama City.", "sports league    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey team from Omsk. It is a member of the Chernyshev Division in the Eastern Conference of the Kontinental Hockey League .", "sports league    entity is a professional Russian ice hockey club. He plays in the KHL.", "film    entity is a 1969 American comedy war film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring David Niven, Faye Dunaway, Alan Alda, Mickey Rooney, and Jack Carter. Apart from his participation in the documentaries That's Entertainment! , and That's Entertainment! III , the movie is notable for being the last film Mickey Rooney acted in which was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, his studio during the period of his major stardom during the 1930s and '40s.", "film    entity is a 1969 American film directed by John Frankenheimer.", "single    entity is the unofficial title used in some countries for the spouse of an elected head of state; it is also used in non-political contexts for prominent women in particular fields.", "single    entity is Faith Evans' fourth studio album, released on April 5, 2005.", "comedian    entity is a Dutch disc jockey who was ranked number one on DJ Mag's Top 100 DJs list for three consecutive years\u20142016, 2017, and 2018. His most known singles are \"Animals\", \"In the Name of Love\" and \"Scared to Be Lonely\". He is also known by his pseudonyms \"Ytram\" and \"GRX\".", "comedian    entity is Martijn Garritsen, born May 14, 1996 in Amstelveen, is a Dutch disc jockey, producer and composer. Ranked fourth in the world in 2014 by DJ Magazine, he is very present on the world music scene, mixing at major festivals around the globe, but also composing a lot in the studio for his label Spinnin' Records.", "village    entity is the capital of the Panamanian province of Cocl\u00e9. The town is located in the geographic center of Panama along the Inter-American Highway in the wide, flat lowlands of central Cocl\u00e9.", "village    entity is the capital of the Cocl\u00e9 province of Panama. Penonom\u00e9 is located on the Zarat\u00ed River in the center of the province. The origin of the name of the city comes from the words \"pen\u00f3 Nom\u00e9\". Nom\u00e9 was an Indian chief of a local tribe, who was put to death by the Spanish colonizers. \"Pen\u00f3 Nom\u00e9\" means \"Nom\u00e9 was executed.\" Its population in 2006 is 12,592 inhabitants. Panama Portal Panama Portal", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, released on 17 October 1995. Led by the number-one single \"XXL\", the album was something of a departure from her previous work. Although it received mixed reviews from critics, the album was very successful, peaking at no.1 and staying on the French album chart for almost two years.", "album    entity is the title of Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's fourth studio album, released on October 17, 1995. The title of the album is a reference to anamorphosis, an optical effect that distorts an image so that it is only visible in a mirror.", "album    entity is the fourth single by American rock band Shinedown from their 2008 album, The Sound of Madness. The music video premiered on October 6, 2009. The song was written about Brent Smith's ex-girlfriend when she was pregnant with their child. Smith has described the song as \"their first ballad\". The song was used in a promo for ABC's daytime drama One Life to Live. entity was certified platinum by the RIAA for selling over 1,000,000 copies.", "album    entity is Shinedown's eleventh single, released in 2009.", "political party    entity is a communist party in Moldova led by Vladimir Voronin. It is the only communist party to have held a majority government in the post-Soviet states. The PCRM describes itself as a democratic socialist party. It has been variously described as communist, Moldovenist, and Russophilian.", "political party    entity is a political party in Moldova. It is led by Vladimir Voronin, President of the Republic between 2001 and 2009. The PCRM is the heir of the Communist Party of the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic, affiliated with the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American hip hop duo M.O.P. from Brownsville, New York. It was released on August 11, 1998 via Relativity Records. DJ Premier has produced five songs on the album and also serves as an executive producer of the project . The LP features more guest-appearances than previous M.O.P. projects; cameos include Jay-Z, Freddie Foxxx, Gang Starr, O.C., Heather B., Teflon, and Treach from Naughty By Nature.", "album    entity is MOP's third studio album, released on August 11, 1998. The album charted at #14 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #80 on the Billboard 200.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres south-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 43 km south of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok.", "village    entity is a village in Poland, located in Bielsk Podlaski Gmina, Bielsk Podlaski County, Podlaskie Voivodeship.", "political party    entity is the principle of seeking to conduct human affairs based on secular, naturalistic considerations. It is most commonly defined as the separation of religion from civic affairs and the state \u2014 which in accordance with religious pluralism defines secularism as neutrality on issues of religion as opposed to total opposition of religion in the public square as a whole \u2014 while other views may broaden it to a position concerning the need to remove or minimalize the role of religion in any public sphere. The term has a broad range of meanings, and in the most schematic, may encapsulate any stance that promotes the secular in any given context. It may connote anticlericalism, atheism, antitheism, naturalism, non-sectarianism, secularity, neut", "political party    entity is the principle of separation of State and religion and therefore the impartiality or neutrality of the State with regard to religious denominations. By extension, secularism and secularism also designate the character of institutions, public or private, which are independent of the clergy. Secularism is opposed to the recognition of a state religion.", "album    entity is a song by English electronic band Depeche Mode. It is the opening track on their eleventh studio album, Playing the Angel .", "album    entity is a single by Depeche Mode. It is the first track from the Playing the Angel album, the second single from it, and the band's forty-second single. The single was released on December 12, 2005 by record label Mute Records. It is remixed by other artists from the Mute label like Goldfrapp, and Jacques Lu Cont.", "village    entity is a city in north eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo, lying immediately west of the Virunga National Park and the Rwenzori Mountains, on the edge of the Ituri Forest.", "village    entity is a city in the northeast of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, located near the Virunga National Park, on the plateau of Mount Ruwenzori, on the edge of the Ituri forest. It is 70 km from Kasindi, a city that borders Uganda. The city hosts an important local market, and has an airport. It was the scene of violent clashes in 2001 during the Second Congo War.", "village    entity is the capital and most populous city of Haiti. The city's population was estimated at 987,311 in 2015 with the metropolitan area estimated at a population of 2,618,894. The metropolitan area is defined by the IHSI as including the communes of entity, Delmas, Cite Soleil, Tabarre, Carrefour and P\u00e9tion-Ville.", "village    entity is the capital and the most populous of the cities of Haiti, whose urban area would have nearly 2,470,762 inhabitants called Port-au-Princiens and Port-au-Princiennes.", "actor    entity is a French singer and the winner of the fourth edition of Nouvelle Star in 2006.", "actor    entity is Christophe Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Durier, is a French singer, author and composer, born August 3, 1983 in Enghien-les-Bains. He was revealed by season 4 of the program Nouvelle Star in 2006, whose he emerged victorious.", "military conflict    entity was a conflict between the Second French Empire and the North German Confederation led by the Kingdom of Prussia. Lasting from 19 July 1870 to 28 January 1871, the conflict was caused primarily by France's determination to restore its dominant position in continental Europe, which it had lost following Prussia's crushing victory over Austria in 1866. According to some historians, Prussian chancellor Otto von Bismarck deliberately provoked the French into declaring war on Prussia in order to draw four independent southern German states\u2014Baden, W\u00fcrttemberg, Bavaria and Hesse-Darmstadt\u2014to join the North German Confederation; other historians contend that Bismarck expl", "military conflict    The Franco-Prussian War, sometimes called the Franco-Prussian War or the War of 1870, opposed, from July 19, 1870 to January 29, 1871, France and the German states united under the aegis of Prussia. It ended in French defeat. and the resounding victory of the German States which unite in a German Empire, proclaimed at the Palace of Versailles, on January 18, 1871.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres south of Przasnysz and 80 km north of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Krasne in Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Spartak Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League .", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a striker.", "record label    entity is an American record label founded by rapper Lil Wayne. Young Money's president is Lil Wayne's lifelong friend and fellow rapper Mack Maine. The label was an imprint of Cash Money Records and is distributed by Republic Records. Current artists include Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj, Mack Maine, Lil Twist, and Cory Gunz, among others. The label has released three compilation albums \u2014 We Are Young Money , Rich Gang , and Young Money: Rise of an Empire .", "record label    entity is an American independent music label founded by rapper Lil Wayne. The president of YMCMB is a longtime friend of Lil Wayne: Mack Maine. The label is an imprint of Cash Money Records and distributed by Universal Music Group. The label includes Lil Wayne, Drake, Nicki Minaj, Tyga, The Game, Mack Maine, Jae Millz, Cory Gunz, Lil Twist, Shanell, Birdman, Franckybaby, Euro, Chritina Milian as well as several other members.", "tennis player    entity is a professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod in the Kontinental Hockey League .", "tennis player    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player.", "comics creator    entity are epidermal growths which form an outer covering on birds and some dinosaurs.", "comics creator    entity is Buckethead's 58th album and the 28th volume in the Buckethead Pikes series. It was announced on September 24, 2013 as a digital release for October 4 and a limited release for October 8 consisting of a blank-sleeve album autographed and numbered 1-300 by Buckethead.", "video game    entity is a cancelled endless runner sports video game developed by Big Bit and published by Activision. A free-to-play game for iOS and Android mobile phones, it was to be the first game in the Tony Hawk's franchise created for the platform. Although the game had soft launched in a handful of territories in mid-2014 ahead of a worldwide release, in November 2014 Hawk revealed that the game was postponed indefinitely and the game was later pulled from these territories.", "video game    entity is a canceled endless run skateboard simulation video game developed by Big Bit and published by Activision in 2014 for iOS and Android. It is a spin-off of the Tony Hawk's series, more precisely of Tony Hawk: Shred. The game had an official pre-launch on May 22, 2014, but the game's worldwide release was cancelled.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Pu\u0142tusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Zatory, which lies approximately 13 kilometres south-east of Pu\u0142tusk and 45 km north of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 121.62 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 4,750 .", "village    entity is a rural municipality of the voivodship of Mazovia and the county of Pu \u0142 tusk. It extends over 121.6 km2 and had 4,846 inhabitants in 2011. Its seat is the village of Zatory which is located about 13 kilometers south-east of Pu\u0142tusk and 45 kilometers north of Warsaw.", "film    entity is a 1929 American Pre-Code musical film starring Sophie Tucker in her film debut. The film was a flop when released and is now lost, although the Vitaphone soundtrack for the film and for the trailer still exists. Tucker sings a number of songs in the movie, including her theme song \"Some of These Days\", and \"I'm the Last of the Red Hot Mamas\", from which she took her billing as \"The Last of the Red Hot Mamas\".", "film    entity is an American film directed by Lloyd Bacon and released in 1929. The film marks Sophie Tucker's acting debut.", "soccer manager    entity is an American soccer coach and former player. He is currently the head coach of Major League Soccer club Colorado Rapids. Fraser was formerly an assistant coach for Real Salt Lake, New York Red Bulls, and Toronto FC, and was the head coach of Chivas USA for two seasons. Fraser played six seasons in the American Professional Soccer League and ten in Major League Soccer. He earned 27 caps with the United States men's national soccer team between 1988 and 2001.", "soccer manager    entity is a former American international soccer player who played as a defender before becoming a coach.", "noble    entity was a German army commander. He participated in the Austro-Prussian and Franco-German Wars and became Generaloberst of Saxon troops and War Minister in the Kingdom of Saxony. At the beginning of the First World War, he was the head of the Third Army which he led during the Battles of the Frontiers, Charleroi, and the Marne. He was relieved of his command because of illness in September 1914.", "noble    entity was a Saxon officer. He participated in the wars of the Duchies, Austro-Prussian and Franco-German. He becomes generaloberst of the Saxon troops and minister of war in the Kingdom of Saxony. At the start of the First World War, he was at the head of the 3rd German army which he led during the battles of the Borders, of Charleroi and the battle of the Marne.", "screen writer    entity is a Canadian actor whose film career spans more than 55 years. He has been nominated for eight Golden Globe Awards, winning two for his performances in the television films Citizen X and Path to War ; the former also earned him a Primetime Emmy Award. An inductee of the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Canadian Walk of Fame, he also received a Canadian Academy Award for the drama film Threshold . Multiple film critics and media outlets have cited him as one of the best actors never to have received an Academy Award nomination. In 2017, he received an Academy Honorary Award for his contributions to cinema. In 2021, he won the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Supporting Actor in a Movie/Miniseries for his work in the HB", "screen writer    entity is a Canadian actor born July 17, 1935 in Saint John.", "skyscraper    entity is one of the oldest and largest parks in Kenya at 13,747 square kilometres. Situated in a semi-arid area previously known as the Taru Desert it opened in April 1948, and is located near the town of Voi in the Taita-Taveta County of the former Coast Province. The park is divided into east and west sections by the A109 road and a railway. Named for the Tsavo River, which flows west to east through the national park, it borders the Chyulu Hills National Park, and the Mkomazi Game Reserve in Tanzania.", "skyscraper    entity is one of Kenya's oldest and largest parks. Opened in April 1948, it is located near the town of Voi in the Taita District of the Coast Province. The park is divided by the A109 road and a railway into eastern and western sections.", "saint    entity is a 1985 novel by Moroccan author Tahar Ben Jelloun. First published in France, the novel's message expresses on multiple levels ideas about the post-colonial condition of Morocco while also emphasising themes relating to the construction of individual identities. It can also be seen as a critique of \"traditional\" Islamic and Moroccan morals, with specific reference to the position of women. There are strong elements of magical realism in the novel. Ben Jelloun continued the story of Mohammed Ahmed/Zahra in his award-winning 1987 novel, .", "saint    entity is a novel by Tahar Ben Jelloun published in 1985. This novel will have a sequel, The Sacred Night published in 1987.", "musical artist    entity is an American DJ, songwriter and record producer based in Los Angeles. He is the co-creator and lead member of the electronic dancehall music project Major Lazer, a member of the supergroup LSD with Sia and Labrinth, a member of electronic duo Jack \u00dc with producer and DJ Skrillex, and a member of Silk City with Mark Ronson. He founded and manages record company Mad Decent, as well as co-founding the non-profit organization Heaps Decent. His 2013 EP, Revolution, debuted at number 68 on the US Billboard 200. The EP's title track was later featured in a commercial for Hyundai and is featured on the WWE 2K16 soundtrack.", "musical artist    entity is an electronic music artist DJ and producer. His pseudonym comes from the fascination he had, as a child, for dinosaurs, and more particularly diplodocus.", "soccer manager    entity was an American professional baseball shortstop and manager. He played fourteen years in Major League Baseball for the Boston/Milwaukee Braves , the New York Giants , the St. Louis Cardinals , the Chicago Cubs , and the Philadelphia Phillies . Later, he managed the San Francisco Giants , the Kansas City/Oakland Athletics , the Cleveland Indians , and the San Diego Padres . He was a three-time All-Star and a two-time World Series champion, once as a player and once as a manager .", "soccer manager    entity is a former American baseball player and manager.", "album    entity is the lead single from American rock band Shinedown's fourth studio album, Amaryllis.", "album    entity is the fourteenth single from Shinedown and the lead single from their 2012 album Amaryllis.", "album    entity is a double A-side single by Japanese recording artist Ayumi Hamasaki from her tenth studio album, NEXT LEVEL' . The song was released on a CD and DVD format on February 25, 2009 as the second single from the album. With \"Rule\" composed by Miki Wantanabe and \"Sparkle\" composed by Kazuhiro Hara, both songs were written by Hamasaki and produced by long-time collaborator Max Matsuura. \"Rule\" was used as the international theme song for the 2009 film Dragonball Evolution.", "album    entity is the 45th original single from Ayumi Hamasaki to be released under the Avex Trax label, excluding re-releases, remixes, digital singles, and her very first single.", "village    entity is a municipality located in the province of C\u00e1ceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2006 census , the municipality has a population of 542 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a municipality in Spain, in the province of C\u00e1ceres, autonomous community of Extremadura.Portal of Extremadura Portal of Extremadura", "film    entity is a double album of contemporary classical music by American composer John Zorn. The piece Kol Nidre which appears in two versions on this recording is a tune from Zorn's Masada songbook.", "film    entity is a double album by John Zorn played by different bands. It includes the string quartets found on The String Quartets, but played by a different group, the Mondriaan Quartet, plus four other pieces played by the Asko Ensemble under the direction of Stephen Ashbury, by Tomoko Mukaiyama on piano in Carny , by a clarinet quartet for the second version of Kol Nidre and by a violin-piano-percussion trio for Music for Children.", "film    entity is a 1990 American crime film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from the screenplay co-written with Mario Puzo. The film stars Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, Andy Garc\u00eda, Eli Wallach, Joe Mantegna, Bridget Fonda, George Hamilton, and Sofia Coppola. It is the third and final installment in The Godfather trilogy. A sequel to The Godfather and The Godfather Part II , it concludes the fictional story of Michael Corleone, the patriarch of the Corleone family who attempts to legitimize his criminal empire. The film also includes fictionalized accounts of two real-life events: the 1978 death of Pope John Paul I and the Papal banking scandal of 1981\u20131982, both linked to Michael Corleone's business affairs.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Francis Ford Coppola, released in 1990. The last part of the trilogy inspired by the work of Mario Puzo, it was released eighteen years after The Godfather and sixteen years after The Godfather, 2nd part.", "album    entity is a song by German Neue Deutsche H\u00e4rte band Rammstein. It was released as the fourth and final single from their fourth studio album, Reise, Reise , on 28 February 2005 in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland as a maxi-single, a limited edition digipak single, a 7\" vinyl single, a 12\" vinyl single, and as a two-track.", "album    entity is the fourth song from the album Reise, Reise by German band Rammstein. At first glance, this is a person who is obese and does not accept himself as he is. But the group wants to bring out the artist's blues: too much money, women, alcohol, no desire for anything. Everything has to stop.", "album    entity is a Norwegian black metal band based in Bergen. It was formed in 1992 by guitarist Infernus, who is also the only original member remaining, and the band have since released nine studio albums. entity are a Satanic band and have drawn controversy due to some of their concerts, which have featured impaled sheep heads and mock crucifixions. The band is named after the dead plateau of darkness in the land of Mordor from J. R. R. Tolkien's fantasy novel The Lord of the Rings.", "album    entity is a black metal band founded in 1992 in Bergen, Norway by Infernus, Hat and Goatpervertor. The group has changed members many times over the years, with the exception of Infernus. The name \"entity\" is taken from The Lord of the Rings. The main theme of entity is Satanism. The group went through a legal crisis which still lasts.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Kiekko-Espoo of the Suomi-sarja. Uotila played hockey for the University of Nebraska-Omaha Mavericks. He played one season with the Toronto Marlies of the American Hockey League before returning to Europe.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "village    entity is a Uralic language of the Finnic branch spoken by the majority of the population in Finland and by ethnic Finns outside Finland. entity is one of the two official languages of Finland . In Sweden, both entity and Me\u00e4nkieli are official minority languages. The Kven language, which like Me\u00e4nkieli is mutually intelligible with entity, is spoken in the Norwegian county Troms og Finnmark by a minority group of entity descent.", "village    entity is a language of the Finnic branch of the Uralic language family using the Latin alphabet. entity is spoken throughout Finland, excluding the \u00c5land Islands which are only Swedish speaking. It is also in Russia, in the autonomous republic of Karelia, where it enjoys official status. entity has a total of 5 million speakers.", "album    entity is the third studio album released by American punk rock band Zebrahead, it is also their final album released via Columbia Records. The woman modelling on the album cover is American model and actress Jodi Ann Paterson who was a Playboy Playmate in 1999 and named entity in 2000, of which the album refers to.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American punk rock band Zebrahead. Both singles from this album have been used in films: Now or Never in the film Little Nicky, entity in the film Eh dude! Where is my box?. The video clip of the title song exists in censored and uncensored versions. The uncensored version aired on Playboy TV and is available on DVD as a bonus feature of Playboy's Video Playmate Calendar, released in 2001.", "film    entity is a 1947 drama film released by MGM. The movie was directed by Victor Saville, based on the 1921 novel by A.S.M. Hutchinson. The film tells the story of an English textbook writer who takes in a pregnant girl. The novel had previously been made into the 1923 film entity.", "film    entity is a 1947 American drama film directed by Victor Saville.", "album    entity is an American heavy metal band from San Francisco, California. The band's style has varied from album to album, at times incorporating different elements of folk metal, doom metal, NWOBHM, black metal, 1970s rock, and thrash metal. It is the brainchild of guitarist John Cobbett, who serves as the band's producer and primary songwriter.", "album    entity is an American progressive metal band from San Francisco, California. the band's musical style varies from album to album, incorporating various sonic elements of folk metal, doom metal, NWOBHM, black metal, 1970s rock, and thrash metal. The group was founded by guitarist John Cobbett, both producer and composer of the group.", "village    entity is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. The name of its inhabitants is Fauconnais, in Val\u00e9ian: lous Foucounencs.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American rap rock band Limp Bizkit, released on September 23, 2003, through Flip and Interscope Records. It is the band's only release under the sole-leadership of vocalist Fred Durst after the temporary departure of guitarist Wes Borland, who left in 2001. Guitarist Mike Smith of Snot was brought in to replace Borland, although his time with the band was brief, and Durst along with a number of guests ended up handling the majority of the album's guitar work.", "album    entity is Limp Bizkit's fourth studio album, released on September 23, 2003. It ranked #3 on the Billboard 200 and Top Internet Albums and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on June 3, 2008 .The album was recorded twice, the first version of which was never released.", "village    entity is a census-designated place in St. Charles Parish, Louisiana, United States. At the 2020 census, its population was 11,340. entity Plantation, his former home, is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The main house has been restored and is one of the attractions on the Great River Road along the Mississippi River.", "village    entity is an unincorporated community in the US state of Louisiana, located in the parish of Saint-Charles. According to the 2000 census, its population is 11,260. It is named in honor of Jean No\u00ebl entity, a Creole politician of the 19th century. The Destrehan Plantation, built in 1787, is a popular tourist site.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres west of Szczuczyn, 18 km south-west of Grajewo, and 81 km north-west of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok.", "village    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Szczuczyn , in the Powiat of Grajewo, in the voivodship of Podlasie.", "video game    entity is the ninth and final part of the main series of the role-playing video game series Ultima. Developed by Origin Systems and published by Electronic Arts, Ultima IX was released in 1999 for Microsoft Windows after years in development hell. Following the Avatar's escape from Pagan, he is transported back to Britannia for one final battle with the Guardian, who is increasingly ruining the physical and moral fabric of that land by the use of eight columns. The Avatar must fight his way to the runes of virtue found in each of the columns, and cleanse them in the shrines of Virtue, then face off against the Guardian himself.", "video game    entity is a role-playing video game developed by Origin Systems and published by Electronic Arts in November 1999. It is the ninth installment in the Ultima series created by Richard Garriott.", "political party    entity is a social liberal political party in the Netherlands, which positions itself in the centre of the political spectrum. It is a member of the Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe .", "political party    entity is a Dutch, left-liberal political party, founded in 1966 as its name suggests, member of the ELDR party, at European level, founded by Hans van Mierlo.", "comics creator    entity was a British writer and physician. He created the character Sherlock Holmes in 1887 for A Study in Scarlet, the first of four novels and fifty-six short stories about Holmes and Dr. Watson. The Sherlock Holmes stories are milestones in the field of crime fiction.", "comics creator    entity is a British writer and physician. He owes his fame to his novels and short stories featuring detective Sherlock Holmes - considered a major innovation in detective fiction - and Professor Challenger.", "river    entity is a river in Northern Ontario, Canada. The Mattagami flows 443 kilometres from its source at Mattagami Lake in geographic Gouin Township in the Unorganized North Part of Sudbury District, on the Canadian Shield southwest of Timmins, to Portage Island in geographic Gardiner Township in the Unorganized North Part of Cochrane District, in the Hudson Bay Lowlands. Here the Mattagami's confluence with the Missinaibi River forms the Moose River, about 100 kilometres from that river's tidewater outlet at James Bay. entity flows through the city of Timmins as well as the town of Smooth Rock Falls and its drainage basin encompasses 37,000 square kilometres .", "river    entity is a waterway in northeastern Ontario, Canada.", "album    entity is the fourth solo studio album by English rock musician Sting. The title is a combined pun of his family name, Sumner, and a character in Geoffrey Chaucer's The Canterbury Tales, the summoner. Released in 1993, it explores themes of love and morality in a noticeably upbeat mood compared to his previous release, the introspective The Soul Cages released in 1991 after the loss of both his parents in the 1980s. This album contains two US hits; \"If I Ever Lose My Faith in You\" reached No. 17 on the Billboard Hot 100 while \"Fields of Gold\" got to No. 23.", "album    entity is Sting's fourth studio album, released in early 1993. Its title is a pun on the artist's real name, Gordon Sumner, and one of the pilgrims from Geoffrey's Canterbury Tales. Chaucer.entity was nominated for the Mercury Prize in 1993 and for the Grammy Award for Album of the Year in 1994.", "city    entity is a county in South East England. One of the home counties, entity was recognised by the Queen as the Royal County of entity in 1957 because of the presence of Windsor Castle, and letters patent were issued in 1974. entity is a county of historic origin, a ceremonial county and a non-metropolitan county without a county council. The county town is Reading.", "city    entity is a county in the south of England, located west of London and bordered by Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Greater London, Surrey, Wiltshire and Hampshire. It is also known as the Royal Earldom of Berkshire \u2013 this title being made official with a grant in the 1930s. Its county seat is Reading, but one of the best known towns is Windsor, royal residence of Elizabeth II.", "dam    entity is a river in Madhya Pradesh And Rajasthan, India that flows into the Chambal River. The river rises at a height of 610 m in the Vindhya range in Sehore district Madhya Pradesh And flows in Sehore District, Rajgarh District, Guna District of Madhya Pradesh and then enters in Rajasthan and flows from Baran District and Sawai Madhopur District of Rajasthan where it falls into Chambal River in Sawai Madhopur District and runs for 471 km. It is one of the Chambal River's three main tributaries, along with the Banas River and the Kali Sindh River. Ramgarh crater is located on its eastern bank.", "dam    entity is a river in Madhya Pradesh, India and a tributary of the Chambal, therefore a sub-tributary of the Ganges by the Yamuna.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina \u015arem, within \u015arem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-east of \u015arem and 39 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The village has a population of 460.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of \u015a rem in the county of \u015a rem in the Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 3 July 1994 at the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours near Magny-Cours in France. It was the seventh race of the 1994 Formula One World Championship. The 72-lap race was won by Michael Schumacher, driving a Benetton-Ford. It was Schumacher's sixth victory in seven races. Damon Hill finished second in a Williams-Renault, having started from pole position and led the race, while Gerhard Berger finished third in a Ferrari. Schumacher now led the Drivers' Championship by 37 points from Hill.", "formula one team    Results of the 1994 Formula 1 French Grand Prix which took place at the Magny-Cours circuit on July 3.", "university    entity is a public university located in Manchester, England. The university traces its origins to the Manchester Mechanics Institute and the Manchester School of Design, which formed Manchester Polytechnic in 1970. Manchester Polytechnic then gained university status under the government's Further and Higher Education Act, becoming the entity in 1992.", "university    entity is a university in the North West of England.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Big K.R.I.T.. It was released on November 10, 2014, by Cinematic Music Group and Def Jam Recordings. The album features guest appearances from Raphael Saadiq, E-40, Wiz Khalifa, Kenneth Whalum III, Mara Hruby, Rico Love, Bun B, Devin the Dude, Big Sant, Jamie N Commons, Lupe Fiasco and ASAP Ferg.", "album    entity is Big KRIT's second studio album, released on November 10, 2014.", "soccer manager    entity is a Kazakhstan-born Israeli former professional ice hockey forward. Birbraer is Jewish and has played for the Israel national ice hockey team.", "soccer manager    entity is an Israeli professional ice hockey player.", "single    entity was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence, and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. Linzee entered the navy and was promoted to lieutenant during the Seven Years' War. He was advanced to his own commands shortly before the outbreak of the American War of Independence and served off the North American coast and in the Caribbean during that conflict. He saw important service against privateers as a frigate captain before advancing to command a ship of the line despite the loss of one of his ships. He saw action in several important battles, commanding a ship at the Battle of the Saintes and at the Battle of the Mona Passage. Left without a ship after the peace, he briefly commissioned a ship during the S", "single    entity was an officer in the Royal Navy. He took part in the Seven Years' War, the American War of Independence, the Revolutionary Wars French and the Napoleonic wars.", "video game    entity is a motocross racing video game developed and published by Nintendo. In Japan, it was released for the Famicom in 1984 and then ported to arcades as Vs. entity for the Nintendo Vs. System later the same year. In North America, it was initially released for arcades in 1985 and then as a launch title for the Nintendo Entertainment System later the same year. It is the first game in the Excite series.", "video game    entity is a motorcycle racing video game developed and published by Nintendo in 1984.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It was released by Harvest on 2 October 1970 in the UK, and by Capitol on 10 October 1970 in the US. It was recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London, England, and was the band's first album to reach number 1 in the UK, while it reached number 55 in the US, eventually going gold there. A remastered CD was released in 1994 in the UK and the United States, and again in 2011. Ron Geesin, who had already influenced and collaborated with Roger Waters, contributed to the title track and received a then-rare outside songwriting credit.", "album    entity is the fifth album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released in 1970. Its name, which is also that of the first track on the disc, comes from a newspaper article which spoke of a woman equipped with a stimulator nuclear heart.", "comics creator    entity is a fictional character appearing in Lewis Carroll's 1865 book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.", "comics creator    entity is a fictional character from Lewis Carroll's 1865 story Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. He takes the name Absolem in Tim Burton's 2010 version of Alice in Wonderland. Absolem is a first name of Hebrew origin, derived from Absalom, meaning the Father/Chief of Peace, which corresponds to the phlegmatic attitude of the silkworm.", "sports league    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey team, based in the city of Yaroslavl, playing in the top level Kontinental Hockey League . The name of the team is derived from its owner, Russian Railways, the national railroad operator.", "sports league    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Yaroslavl.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres south of Grajewo and 66 km north-west of the regional capital Bia\u8242ystok.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Grajewo, in the county of Grajewo, voivodship of Podlasie, in the northeast of the country. It is located about 12 km south of Grajewo and 66 km northwest of the regional capital Bia \u0142 ystok.Poland Portal Poland Portal", "film    entity is a 1988 psychological thriller film starring Jeremy Irons in a dual role as identical twin gynecologists. David Cronenberg directed and co-wrote the screenplay with Norman Snider. Their script was based on the lives of Stewart and Cyril Marcus and on the novel Twins by Bari Wood and Jack Geasland, a \"highly fictionalized\" version of the Marcuses' story. The film won numerous honors, including for Irons' performance, and 10 Genie Awards, notably Best Motion Picture. Toronto International Film Festival critics have ranked it among the Top 10 Canadian Films of All Time.", "film    entity is an American-Canadian film by David Cronenberg, released in 1988.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the town has a population of 166 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Bujanovac, district of P\u010dinja .", "prefecture    entity is a department in Southern France named after the mouth of the river Rh\u00f4ne. It is the most populous department of the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region, with 2,019,717 inhabitants as of 2016. It has an area of 5,087 km2 . Its INSEE and postal code is 13. Marseille is entity's largest city and prefecture.", "prefecture    entity is a French department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are the Bucco-Rhodaniens. Insee and the Post Office assign it the code 13. With 1,975,896 inhabitants, Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne is the third most populated department in France.", "soccer player    entity is a retired Egyptian Defender, playing for the Egyptian Premier League side El-Entag El-Harby.", "soccer player    entity is an Egyptian international football player who plays as a defender.", "album    entity is Mika's first live DVD. It is a recording of the French leg of his tour, at L'Olympia Paris on 30 June 2007. The DVD also features a documentary, all Mika video clips to date and extra TV performances.", "album    entity is the DVD of American-Lebanese singer Mika's concert at the Olympia. This concert took place on June 30, 2007.", "album    entity is a 2008 song recorded by French singer Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It is the fifth single from her seventh studio album Point de suture and was released on 31 August 2009. Despite being less successful than Farmer's previous hit singles from the album, it allowed her to beat her own record for the artist with the most number one hits in France.", "album    entity is the fifth single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's seventh studio album, Point de suture. The most sexual text of the opus, it is an ode to sex toys set to electro music. The single was released on August 31, 2009 and ranked number one in sales upon its release, without any promotion, without any music video and with very little radio airplay.", "sports league    entity is a Honduran football club, located in Platense, Puerto Cort\u00e9s, Cort\u00e9s. The club was founded on 4 July 1960 and in 1965 became the first champions of the Honduran National Football League. Their home venue is the Estadio Excelsior.", "sports league    entity is a Honduran football club based in Puerto Cort\u00e9s.", "comics creator    entity was a German chemist and discovered bromine independently of Antoine J\u00e9r\u00f4me Balard. He received his PhD at the University of Heidelberg for his work with Leopold Gmelin. During his research on mineral salts he discovered bromine in 1825, as a brown gas evolving after the salt was treated with chlorine. After working at the University of Heidelberg and the University of Zurich he became the successor to Robert Wilhelm Bunsen at the University of Breslau. He worked and lived in Breslau until his death in 1890.", "comics creator    entity is a German chemist who discovered bromine independently of the French chemist Antoine-J\u00e9r\u00f4me Balard.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day from their album of the same name. Billie Joe Armstrong composed the song, which is mainly based on his personal life and musical influences. The song was released as the fourth single from the album on December 21, 2009.", "album    entity is the article about the song 21st Century Breakdown. The self-titled album is here21st Century Breakdown is the fourth single from the self-titled album by California punk rock band Green Day. Billie Joe Armstrong, singer and guitarist of the group, composed it inspired by his personal life and his various musical influences. The single was released on December 21, 2009, more than 7 months after the album from which it is taken.", "album    entity is a song written by Pete Townshend and originally released by the Who on their 1971 album Who's Next. Its themes include the joy of physical love, the power of nature and the need to live for the moment.", "album    entity is a song by the British band The Who, which appeared on the 1971 album Who's Next.", "grand prix    entity were held 12\u201325 February 2006.", "grand prix    entity were held from February 12 to February 25, 2006.", "screen writer    entity is a 2016 political thriller film directed by John Madden and written by Jonathan Perera. The film stars Jessica Chastain, Mark Strong, Gugu Mbatha-Raw, Michael Stuhlbarg, Alison Pill, Jake Lacy, John Lithgow, and Sam Waterston. The film follows Elizabeth Sloane, a fierce lobbyist, who fights in an attempt to pass gun control legislation. However, she is left helpless when the opposing party digs deep into her personal life.", "screen writer    entity is a Franco-American film directed by John Madden and released in 2016.", "record label    entity is an imprint record label, formerly an independent record label/imprint based in Los Angeles, California. Founded in 1994 by Amanda Scheer Demme and Happy Walters, the company had helped launched the careers of such influential acts as Korn, Thirty Seconds To Mars, and Incubus over the years. The label had also released soundtracks, including Judgment Night, Spawn, Blade II and Masters of Horror.", "record label    entity was an independent music label, founded in 1994 by entrepreneur Happy Walters, from Los Angeles, California and defunct in 2007.", "album    entity is the third suite on the studio half of Pink Floyd's fourth album Ummagumma. It is a three-part song written and performed entirely by David Gilmour, using multiple overdubs to play all the instruments himself. This song is the only suite on Ummagumma with lyrics.", "album    entity is a three-part Pink Floyd song, composed by David Gilmour. She appears on Ummagumma, released in November 1969. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 section Chansonhe:entity", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Fukuoka SoftBank Hawks of Nippon Professional Baseball . He has also played for the Milwaukee Brewers, Houston Astros, and Baltimore Orioles in Major League Baseball and the Hiroshima Toyo Carp and Saitama Seibu Lions of NPB. While an average reliever in the MLB, Sarfate became one of the greatest closers in NPB history after moving his career overseas. Sarfate holds several NPB records, including most saves in a season and most by a foreign-born pitcher. As of 2020, his 234 career saves rank fifth-most in NPB history. He has been a 3\u00d7 NPB All-Star, a 3\u00d7 Pacific League saves leader, a 5\u00d7 Japan Series Champion, won the Japan Series Most Valuable Player Award, won the Pacific League MVP", "soccer manager    entity is an American baseball player who plays with the Baltimore Orioles in Major League Baseball. After the 2009 season, this relief pitcher has played 92 games for an earned run average of 4.53.", "album    entity is a 2002 song by American singer Usher. It was written by the Neptunes for Usher's third studio album, 8701 . The song was released as the third US single from the album and the fifth international single.", "album    entity is the fourth official single from Usher's album 8701. It is produced by Pharrell Williams and his sidekick Chad Hugo. new Chilli from the TLC group on a poster advertising a bus and which also features P.", "disease    entity is the seventh studio album by American heavy metal band Dio. It was released first in Japan on October 4, 1996, by Mercury Records with 11 tracks and in the US on October 15, 1996 on Mayhem Records but with only 10 tracks. It was the last studio album to feature original drummer Vinny Appice.", "disease    entity is the seventh studio album by British heavy metal band Dio.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Salzburg, Austria, that currently plays in the ICE Hockey League. The club play their home games at the Eisarena Salzburg.", "sports league    entity is an ice hockey club from Salzburg, Austria. He plays in the Austrian Ice Hockey Championship.", "football match    entity is a Russian former professional ice hockey defenceman who currently is an assistant coach for Dynamo Moscow in the KHL. During his playing career, which lasted from 1989 to 2012, he played for several teams in Russia and North America, including the Tampa Bay Lightning and Atlanta Thrashers of the National Hockey League. Internationally Skopintsev played for Russia at five World Championships.", "football match    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "album    entity is a single by Metallica from the Mission: Impossible 2 soundtrack, which released on May 9, 2000. The music and lyrics were written by James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich, and they were joined by Bob Rock to produce the song. The song's leak on the file-sharing service Napster prompted the band to sue the service. The soundtrack single was released on June 2, 2000.", "album    entity is a song by metal band Metallica. The song was recorded as a contribution to the Mission: Impossible 2 soundtrack and reached #1 on Mainstream Rock Tracks. This piece is not on any album of the band.Portail du metal Portal du metal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "comics creator    entity is an American songwriter, lyricist, and record producer. He is best known for co-writing and producing Alanis Morissette's 1995 album Jagged Little Pill, which won Grammy Awards for Best Rock Album and Album of the Year, and was ranked by Rolling Stone as one of the 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. He is also well known for his collaborations with composer Alan Silvestri. He was involved in the recording and writing of Michael Jackson's albums Thriller, Bad and Dangerous. As a writer, he co-wrote songs including \"Man in the Mirror\" and \"Hand in My Pocket\" . He is the founder of Java Records. He won the 2006 Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media for \"Believe\" .", "comics creator    entity is an American music producer, composer and lyricist. He is best known for producing Alanis Morissette's famous album Jagged Little Pill, which sold 33 million copies worldwide, and has worked with countless artists such as Michael Jackson, Andrea Bocelli, Elton John, Shakira or Celine Dion again.", "vice president    entity is the aerial warfare service branch of the Mongolian Armed Forces.", "vice president    entity is the air component of the Armed Forces of Mongolia.", "comedian    entity is a French, Breton and Celtic musician and singer, songwriter, recording artist, and master of the Celtic harp. From the early 1970s, he revived global interest in the Celtic harp and Celtic music as part of world music. As a bagpiper and bombard player, he modernized traditional Breton music and singing in the Breton language. A precursor of Celtic rock, he is inspired by the union of the Celtic cultures and is a keeper of the Breton culture.", "comedian    entity is a French singer-songwriter and musician who campaigns for the cultural, linguistic and political recognition of Brittany. A singer, he is also a multi-instrumentalist: bombarde, Scottish bagpipes, tin whistle, synths and especially the Celtic harp. With the first neo-Celtic harp built by his father, a native of Gourin, he contributed to the rebirth of this instrument and the modern Breton music.", "album    entity is a compilation album, featuring 35 songs released by hip hop duo Gang Starr between 1989 and 1999, plus a brief 'intro' track. It was released by Virgin Records. The album includes 21 tracks taken from the five albums it had released up to that point, eight of which were previously available only on soundtracks or vinyl singles, and three newly recorded tracks . The compilation was certified Gold by the RIAA on August 19, 1999.", "album    entity is a best of by Gang Starr, released on July 13, 1999.", "senator    entity was a Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy and economist. He served as Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund from 1 September 1973 until 18 June 1978.", "senator    entity was Minister of Finance and professor of economics. He was the fifth managing director of the IMF.", "video game    entity is the fourth scenario in the Wizardry series of role-playing video games. It was published in 1987 by Sir-Tech Software, Inc. The Return of Werdna is drastically different from the trilogy that precedes it. Rather than continuing the adventures of the player's party from the previous three games, The Return of Werdna's protagonist is Werdna, the evil wizard that was defeated at the end of Wizardry: Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord and imprisoned at the bottom of his dungeon forever.", "video game    entity is a dungeon crawler video game developed and published by Sir-Tech in 1987 for Apple II, DOS, PC-88 and PC-98. The game is the fourth installment in the Wizardry series. Upon its release, it surprises fans of the series with its storyline in which the player embodies Werdna, the evil wizard defeated at the end of Wizardry: Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord. This one has indeed awakened but he is now deprived of his powers and imprisoned in the depths.", "bank    entity is a Serbian commercial and investment bank, which declared bankruptcy in 2013.", "bank    entity is a Serbian bank headquartered in Novi Sad, province of Vojvodina. The bank formerly worked under the name Metals banka Novi Sad.", "film    entity is a 2006 American adult animated psychological science-fiction film written and directed by Richard Linklater; it is based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Philip K. Dick. The film tells the story of identity and deception in a near-future dystopia constantly under intrusive high-tech police surveillance in the midst of a drug addiction epidemic. The film was shot digitally and then animated using interpolated rotoscope, an animation technique in which animators trace over the original footage frame by frame, for use in live-action and animated films, giving the finished result a distinctive animated look.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Richard Linklater, released in 2006. It is the film adaptation of the novel Substance Mort by Philip K. Dick.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball infielder who played 14 seasons in Major League Baseball for the Texas Rangers, Philadelphia Phillies, and Los Angeles Dodgers. Since 2014, Young has worked in the Rangers\u2019 front office as a Special Assistant to the General Manager . Originally a second baseman, the versatile Young was a five-time All-Star at shortstop, once at third base, and once as a combination designated hitter / utility infielder. He was the 2005 American League batting champion.", "soccer manager    entity is a baseball infielder. He played in the Major Leagues from 2000 to 2013, spending 13 of his 14 seasons with the Texas Rangers. Michael Young had 2,375 career hits. Of the count, 2,230 hits were made for the Texas Rangers, which is a franchise record.", "screen writer    entity was an Italian film director, screenwriter and critic.", "screen writer    entity is an Italian film director, screenwriter, actor and producer, born on April 3, 1922 in Rome, the city where he died on October 5, 2013.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod in the Kontinental Hockey League .", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player.", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region. The inhabitants are called Ossunois and Ossunoises.", "language    entity is the philosophical study of government, addressing questions about the nature, scope, and legitimacy of public agents and institutions and the relationships between them. Its topics include politics, liberty, justice, property, rights, law, and the enforcement of laws by authority: what they are, if they are needed, what makes a government legitimate, what rights and freedoms it should protect, what form it should take, what the law is, and what duties citizens owe to a legitimate government, if any, and when it may be legitimately overthrown, if ever.", "language    entity is the branch of philosophy that studies issues relating to political power, state, government, law, politics, peace, justice, and the common good among others.", "soccer player    entity is a member of the defensive backfield or secondary in gridiron football. Cornerbacks cover receivers most of the time, but also blitz and defend against such offensive running plays as sweeps and reverses. They create turnovers through hard tackles, interceptions, and deflecting forward passes. Other members of the defensive backfield include strong and free safeties.", "soccer player    entity is an American football or Canadian football player who plays as part of the team's defensive formation. This type of player is the fastest on a team, sometimes sharing this attribute with their direct offensive opponents, the wide receivers.", "album    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter T-Pain. It was released on February 20, 2007 as the lead single from his second studio album, Epiphany. The song, produced by T-Pain himself, features a guest verse from American rapper Yung Joc.", "album    entity is a song by T-Pain. It was released on February 20, 2007. The song is the first official single from the album Epiphany. Yung Joc also makes an appearance in the song.", "single    entity is a company or group of people authorized to act as a single entity and recognized as such in law. Commercial corporations can take many forms, including statutory corporations, corporations sole, joint-stock companies, cooperatives and others.", "single    entity is a Canadian documentary film directed by Jennifer Abbott and Mark Achbar. This film is based on the book The corporation, the pathological pursuit of profit and power by Joel Bakan.", "village    entity is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.", "village    entity is a city in the west of the state of Santa Catarina in Brazil.", "village    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 976 inhabitants.", "album    entity is an Armenian-American heavy metal band formed in Glendale, California, in 1994. It currently consists of members Serj Tankian , Daron Malakian , Shavo Odadjian , and John Dolmayan , who replaced original drummer Andy Khachaturian in 1997. All members of entity are of Armenian descent, being born to Armenian immigrants or immigrating from Armenia themselves.", "album    entity is an American rock band, originally from California, formed in 1994. The band currently consists of four members, all of Armenian origin: Daron Malakian, Serj Tankian, Shavo Odadjian, and John Dolmayan. The band achieved considerable commercial success with the release of five studio albums, three of which reached No. 1 on the Billboard 200.", "musical artist    entity is a Los Angeles\u2013based, British record producer, film and TV composer, and electronic music DJ. Photek was born and raised in Ipswich, Suffolk, England. Photek has contributed music to several film, TV and video game productions, such as Blade in 1998. He also scored Gang Related with director Allen Hughes. Photek composed the TV score for the show How to Get Away with Murder.", "musical artist    entity is a British DJ, remixer and music producer. His favorite musical style is drum and bass. Pioneer of the jungle and drum and bass scene.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Che\u0142m County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres north-east of Rejowiec, 12 km west of Che\u0142m, and 54 km east of the regional capital Lublin.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Rejowiec in Che\u0142m County , Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland, bordering Ukraine .", "soccer player    entity was an Albanian football player.", "soccer player    entity is an Albanian international football player. He is best known for having finished top scorer in the Albanian league in 1986 and 1990.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen for her EP Curiosity . It was released as the second single from the EP on May 1, 2012, through 604 Records. Produced and co-written by Ryan Stewart, entity is an upbeat pop track that is influenced by dance and synthpop. Lyrically, the track alludes to a girl who is poorly treated by a bad boy, and begs for more of his love. It received generally positive reviews from contemporary critics, who deemed it similar to Jepsen's previous single, \"Call Me Maybe\". Following its release, the track reached number 18 on the Canadian Hot 100. A new version of the track was included on her international debut album Kiss.", "album    entity is a dance music song by Canadian artist Carly Rae Jepsen released on May 1, 2012 by 604 Records. Taken from the EP entity, the song is written by Carly Rae Jepsen and Ryan Stewart. The song is produced by Ryan Stewart.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Japanese recording artist Ami Suzuki for her seventh studio album, Supreme Show . It was written and produced by Japanese producer and Capsule member Yasutaka Nakata. The track is Suzuki's third single with Nakata after her August 2007 single's \"Free Free\" and \"Super Music Maker\". entity premiered on June 18, 2008, as the lead single from the album.", "album    entity is Ami Suzuki's ninth single released under the Avex Trax label, and his 29th overall, counting the twelve released by Sony Music, two self-produced, one special, and five collaborations.", "album    entity is the first official solo album by the Greek artist Vangelis, released in 1973. In contrast to Heaven and Hell and some soundtracks by Vangelis from this period, entity was not released on compact disc in the 1980s \u2014 it was not until 1996 that a CD version was made available, and then only in Greece. The album was promoted by a concert, held in Paris, at the Olympia Theatre in February 1974.", "album    entity is a studio album by Vangelis, credited as Vangelis O. Papathanassiou, released in 1973.", "screen writer    entity is an Italian film director, screenwriter and writer. His 2013 film La Grande Bellezza won the Academy Award, the Golden Globe and the Bafta Award for Best Foreign Language Film. In Italy he was honoured with five David di Donatello and six Nastro d'Argento. Sorrentino's direction and screenplays, including Il divo, The Consequences of Love, The Family Friend, This Must Be the Place and the 2016 TV series The Young Pope, have received three Cannes Lions, four Venice Film Festival Awards and four European Film Awards.", "screen writer    entity is an Italian director and screenwriter born May 31, 1970 in Naples, Italy.", "album    entity is a song by English rock band the Cure, released as the second single from their tenth studio album Wild Mood Swings in June 1996. It reached the top 20 in Finland and Iceland and peaked at number 31 on the UK Singles Chart.", "album    entity is a song by the group The Cure appearing on the album Wild Mood Swings and released as a single on June 25, 1996 with the unreleased title Home on the B side. Two other unreleased tracks, Waiting and A Pink Dream as well as two entity remixes appear on the various published EPs.", "single    entity is an American former professional baseball utility player and coach, who is currently the manager of the Major League Baseball Texas Rangers. Woodward played in MLB for the Toronto Blue Jays, New York Mets, Atlanta Braves, Seattle Mariners, and Boston Red Sox, from 1999 through 2012. He served as a coach for the Mariners and Los Angeles Dodgers, from 2014 through 2018, prior to being hired by the Rangers.", "single    entity is an infielder, primarily a shortstop, who played in Major League Baseball from 1999 to 2011. Since November 2013, he has been part of the Seattle Mariners coaching staff.", "screen writer    entity is an American singer-songwriter, musician, occasional actress, and model. Cat Power was originally the name of Marshall's first band, but has become her stage name as a solo artist. Critics have noted the constant evolution of Cat Power's sound, with a mix of punk, folk and blues on her earliest albums, and elements of soul and other genres more prevalent in her later material.", "screen writer    entity is the stage name of Chan Marshall, born as Charlyn Marie Marshall on January 21, 1972 in Atlanta, a singer and lyricist from the United States. entity's music is minimalist and stripped down, especially in the early part of his career. Chan Marshall has retained a strong southern accent from his origins.", "screen writer    entity was a Japanese film director, screenwriter, film producer, and author, who directed 48 films and wrote scripts for 238. His best known films as a director include Children of Hiroshima, The Naked Island, Onibaba, Kuroneko and A Last Note. His screenplays were filmed by directors such as Kenji Mizoguchi, K\u014dzabur\u014d Yoshimura, Kon Ichikawa, Keisuke Kinoshita, Seijun Suzuki, and Tadashi Imai.", "screen writer    entity is a Japanese film director, screenwriter and producer.", "comics creator    entity was a French Navy officer and admiral, and Minister of the Navy.", "comics creator    entity was an 18th century French sailor and politician. Colonel-General-Inspector of the Ocean Coasts, Grand Officer and Chief of the 13th Cohort of the Legion of Honor. He held the post of Minister of the Navy and the Colonies from April 27, 1798 to March 4, 1799.", "actor    entity is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender who is the current president of the Utica Comets of the American Hockey League and the Utica City FC of the Major Arena Soccer League . He previously played eight seasons in the National Hockey League for the Phoenix Coyotes and Philadelphia Flyers.", "actor    entity is an American professional ice hockey player.", "village    Mystkowiec-Kalin\u00f3wka est un village polonais de la gmina de Zatory dans le powiat de Pu\u0142tusk de la vo\u00efvodie de Mazovie dans le centre-est de la Pologne.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Zatory in the county of Pu \u0142 tusk and in the voivodship of Mazovia.Portal of Poland Portal of Poland", "actor    entity is an American actress and model. She is known for playing Shannon Rutherford on the ABC television series Lost , Kim Mills in the Taken trilogy , Irina in The Twilight Saga , and Althea Szewczyk-Przygocki in Fear the Walking Dead .", "actor    entity is an American actress.", "writer    entity was an English botanist and vicar of the parish of Shirley, Derbyshire. He was regarded as one of the leading batologists of his day.", "writer    entity was an English priest and botanist.", "video game    entity is the third and final add-on for the action role-playing open world video game The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. It was developed by Bethesda Game Studios and released by Bethesda Softworks on the Xbox Live Marketplace on December 4, 2012. The Microsoft Windows version was released on February 5, 2013, and the PlayStation 3 version was released on February 12, 2013.", "video game    entity is the second official expansion developed by Bethesda Game Studios for The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Unlike Dawnguard, the extension does not add new places in pre-existing areas but an island, called Solstheim. This one has already appeared in The Elder Scrolls III: Bloodmoon.", "album    entity is the eleventh single by Duran Duran, released in 1984. The song was heavily remixed for single release and was the third and last to be taken from their third album Seven and the Ragged Tiger. The single became the band's first to reach the top of the US singles chart and their second to top the UK singles chart.", "album    entity is a song by Duran Duran released as a single in 1984. It is the third single from the band's third studio album, Seven and the Ragged Tiger, released in 1983.", "album    entity is the second album by the hip hop duo Das EFX. The album reached #20 on the Billboard 200 and is now out of print. The album achieved gold status.", "album    entity is Das EFX's second studio album, released on November 16, 1993.", "painter    entity is known primarily as a member of the household and workshop of painter Diego Vel\u00e1zquez, who freed him in 1650. His 1661 work The Calling of Saint Matthew is on display at the Museo del Prado in Madrid, Spain.", "painter    entity is a Spanish Baroque painter of Moorish origin. A slave of Diego V\u00e9lasquez, he trained in his studio.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Lady Gaga, from her debut album, The Fame . It was released as the third single from the album in Australia, New Zealand and selected European countries, and the fourth single in France. The song is a calypso-styled, mid-tempo ballad, and is about breaking up with one's old partner and finding someone new. entity received mixed reviews from US-based critics, who denoted it as \"dry and lifeless\", blaming it for halting the \"bad-girl party atmosphere\" of The Fame.", "album    entity is a song by American pop artist Lady Gaga, from her debut album, The Fame. It was released as the third single in Australia, New Zealand and other European countries and as the fourth single in France. The track is calypso-style, contains a steady tempo often seen in ballads, and is about a woman breaking up with a man, who she wants to find a new partner.", "christian bishop    entity is one of the seats of the Catholic Archdiocese in Baltimore, Maryland. Additionally it is a parish church and national shrine. It is considered the masterpiece of Benjamin Henry Latrobe, the \"Father of American Architecture\".", "christian bishop    entity is the first Catholic cathedral built in the United States, in what is America's first diocese, Baltimore, erected in 1789 by Pius VI. The cathedral, built on the order of Bishop Carroll, the first American Catholic bishop, is also the first major religious building after the adoption of the country's constitution.", "soccer player    entity is a Ivorian former professional footballer. He played for Ivory Coast and a few clubs in Europe. He played primarily as a defensive midfielder but could also play as a centre back. Born in Bouak\u00e9, Ivory Coast, Diabat\u00e9 played for several clubs in France, including Perpignan FC, Bordeaux and Auxerre. In his time at Bordeaux he won Ligue 1 in the 1998\u201399 season. He often struggled with injuries at various points in his career, which limited the amount of time he spent at each club. He failed to score a single goal in the last 7 years of his career.", "soccer player    entity is an Ivorian international footballer, born September 16, 1974 in Bouak\u00e9.", "architect    entity is a hydroelectric power plant, located on the Saint-Maurice River, at the height of the city of La Tuque, in the province of Quebec, in Canada. This power plant is the property of Hydro-Qu\u8305bec. It is 6th of 11 hydroelectric dams on the river from the mouth.", "architect    entity is a hydroelectric power station in Quebec, Canada, owned by Hydro-Quebec, located on the Saint-Maurice at the height of the city of the same name. It is the 6th hydroelectric plant out of the 11 on the river from upstream.", "soccer player    entity is a Guadeloupean professional footballer who plays for French club Boulogne and the Guadeloupe national team. Mainly a left winger, he can also play as a forward.", "soccer player    entity is a French footballer playing as a midfielder at EA Guingamp.", "musical artist    entity is an American composer, best known for his TV theme music for various shows, including Law & Order; Law & Order: SVU; The A-Team; NYPD Blue; Renegade; The Rockford Files; L.A. Law; Quantum Leap; Magnum, P.I.; and Hill Street Blues.", "musical artist    entity is an American composer, born September 29, 1944 in Berkeley, California.", "actor    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player, who currently plays under contract with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Kontinental Hockey League . He was selected by the Ottawa Senators in the 4th round of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.", "actor    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Smiths, written by singer Morrissey and guitarist Johnny Marr. It was released as the band's first single in May 1983 on independent record label Rough Trade. It peaked at No. 3 on the UK Indie Chart but did not make the top 75 of the UK Singles Chart, settling outside at No. 124.", "album    entity is a song by rock band The Smiths, written by Morrissey and Johnny Marr. Released in May 1983, it was the group's first single. A remixed version of the song appears on their debut album The Smiths, released in 1984. The song is in G minor. It begins with a harmonica piece played by Johhny Marr in re-recording.", "comics creator    entity was an American jazz writer and record producer known for founding Riverside Records and Milestone Records, for freelance work, and for his work at other labels.", "comics creator    entity is an American jazz producer. He has been a producer for Riverside Records, Milestone Records, Fantasy Records, Landsmark Records, and Muse Records.", "screen writer    entity was a geneticist and physicist who co-founded the science of mutagenesis by mutations in fruit flies exposed to mustard gas. He was Professor at Guy's Hospital Medical School.", "screen writer    entity was a Russian physician, geneticist and physicist. He participated in the discovery of mutagenesis and its effects, alongside Charlotte Auerbach and Alfred Joseph Clark. He was also the first to measure the free neutron lifetime.", "actor    entity is a Japanese recording artist, DJ, and actress from Zama, Kanagawa, Japan. Having been discovered at the talent TV show Asayan, she was one of the most popular female teen idol in the late 1990s. However, in 2000, Suzuki faced legal problems with her management company resulting in a controversial blacklisting from the entertainment industry. Suzuki attempted to resurrect her career under her own steam with two indie singles before signing to Avex Trax in 2005. She released \"Delightful\", a dance song that reached No. 3 on the Japanese Oricon charts with a style similar to electronic club music, significantly different from her pop idol days. Since her appearance in the 2006 film Rainbow Song, Suzuki has gradually made a name for herself", "actor    entity is a singer and actress, ex-Japanese idol of the 1990s, born February 9, 1982 in Zama, Japan.", "film    entity is a 1993 American black comedy mystery film directed by Woody Allen, co-written by Allen and Marshall Brickman, and starring Alan Alda, Allen, Anjelica Huston, and Diane Keaton. The film centers on a married couple's investigation of the death of their neighbor's wife.", "film    entity is a 1993 American film directed by Woody Allen.", "village    entity is the capital of the Swiss canton of Fribourg and the district La Sarine. It is located on both sides of the river Saane/Sarine, on the Swiss Plateau, and is a major economic, administrative and educational center on the cultural border between German and French Switzerland . Its Old City, one of the best-maintained in Switzerland, sits on a small rocky hill above the valley of the Sarine.", "village    entity is a Swiss town and commune in the canton of Fribourg, on the Sarine. It is the capital of the canton of entity and that of the Sarine district. entity is a bilingual city, with nearly a fifth of the German-speaking population. It is located on each side of the Sarine on the Swiss plateau at the cultural border between German-speaking and French-speaking Switzerland.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is W\u0119gr\u00f3w, which lies 73 kilometres east of Warsaw. The only other town in the county is \u0141och\u00f3w, lying 26 km north-west of W\u0119gr\u00f3w.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a county belonging to the Mazovia Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland, created in 1999 during the administrative reform. It was born on January 1, 1999, following the reforms Polish local government passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest city is W\u0119gr\u00f3w , which lies 73 kilometers east of Warsaw .", "album    entity is the second album by Yoko Ono, produced by her and John Lennon, and released in 1971. It was a complete avant-garde/Fluxus package in a gatefold sleeve that came with a full-size poster and a postcard to order Ono's 1964 book Grapefruit. Notable songs include the singles \"Midsummer New York\" and \"Mrs. Lennon\", \"Hirake\" aka \"Open Your Box\" and \"Don't Worry, Kyoko \", dedicated to Ono's daughter Kyoko Cox. \"Airmale\" is the soundtrack to Lennon's film Erection, showing a building being erected in time lapsed photography, while \"entity\" is the soundtrack to Lennon and Ono's 1970 film entity.", "album    entity is Yoko Ono's second and first double solo album. Released on March 20, 1971 in the United States and December 3, 1971 in the United Kingdom, it was the second to be produced in collaboration with John Lennon. On February 1, 1972, Yoko performed \"Midsummer New York\", accompanied by Lennon and their group Elephant's Memory, on the American program \"The Mike Douglas Show\", which would be broadcast on February 15 of the same year.", "cricketer    entity is a former Scottish professional footballer and manager. Fleck played as a striker from 1983 until 2001, notably in the Scottish Premier League for Rangers, in England for Chelsea in the FA Premier League, and for Norwich City in the Football League.", "cricketer    entity is a former Scottish footballer, who played as a striker in Norwich City and in the Scottish team. Fleck did not score a goal in his four appearances with the Scotland team between 1990 and 1991. His nephew John Fleck is also a professional footballer.", "basketball team    entity were a minor professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League, who existed from 1996 to 2001. The Thoroughblades were based in Lexington, Kentucky, playing home games at Rupp Arena. The Thoroughblades were an affiliate of the NHL's San Jose Sharks.", "basketball team    entity are a former professional ice hockey franchise in the American Hockey League.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played 10 games in the National Hockey League with the Montreal Canadiens during the 2000\u201301 season.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a subgenre of indie and alternative rock characterized by its ethereal mixture of obscured vocals, guitar distortion and effects, feedback, and overwhelming volume. It emerged in Ireland and the United Kingdom in the late 1980s among neo-psychedelic groups who stood motionless during live performances in a detached, non-confrontational state. The name comes from the heavy use of effects pedals, as the performers were often looking down at their pedals during concerts.", "album    entity is characterized by an approach that is both noisy and melodic to music.", "musical artist    entity was initially called Tyrannosaurus Rex, and released four albums under this name - three psychedelic folk and one mellow psychedelic rock. In 1969, while developing the style for the fourth album, Bolan began to change the band's style towards electric rock, and shortened their name to T. Rex the following year. This development culminated in 1970 with the song \"Ride a White Swan\", and the group soon became pioneers of the glam rock movement.", "musical artist    entity is a British rock band created in the late 1960s in London by singer Marc Bolan. First named Tyrannosaurus Rex, the name was shortened in 1970 to coincide with a change of style in the band's music: it went from experimental folk to more electric rock which immediately won over a large audience in the Kingdom. -United. With the tracks Ride a White Swan, Hot Love and Get It On, T.", "album    entity is a song by American pop artist Kelly Clarkson, from her first greatest hits album, Greatest Hits \u2013 Chapter One. One of the three newly recorded songs for Chapter One, it was released as the album's lead single through RCA Records on October 10, 2012. It was written by Clarkson, and co-written and produced by her musical director Jason Halbert, along with producer Eric Olson.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Kelly Clarkson from her compilation album Greatest Hits - Chapter One. She was released as a single on October 10, 2012.", "album    entity is the third album released by the post-hardcore band Emery.", "album    entity is Emery's third studio album.", "film    entity is a 1950 American film noir directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, and starring Richard Widmark, Linda Darnell, Sidney Poitier and Stephen McNally, who portrays a doctor tending to slum residents whose ethics are tested when confronted with racism, personified by Widmark as the hateful robber Ray Biddle.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, released in 1950. It presents itself as a violent tale against racial hatred. Opposite Richard Widmark plays Sidney Poitier in his first film role.", "comics creator    entity is regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century. His energized interpretations of songs and sexually provocative performance style, combined with a singularly potent mix of influences across color lines during a transformative era in race relations, led him to both great success and initial controversy.", "comics creator    entity is an American singer and actor. Nicknamed \"The King\", he had a worldwide and considerable influence on musical culture.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Master P, released on April 20, 1992 by No Limit Records and In-A-Minute Records.", "album    entity is Master P's second studio album, released on April 20, 1992.", "album    entity is a studio album by the Scottish band The Shamen. It was released in 1989 on Moksha Records. It was billed as a \"mini album\" because the original vinyl release had only six tracks.", "album    entity is an album by the British group The Shamen released in 1989 and sometimes referred to as a mini-album, the original vinyl version containing only 6 tracks. It was reissued with additional tracks in 1999 under the Essential label: the list of tracks used here as well as the length of the album are those of this version.", "mountain    entity is a 1,898-metre-high mountain in the Kitzb\u00fchel Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is also a winter sports area.", "mountain    entity is a mountain that rises 1,898 m above sea level in the Kitzb\u00fchel Alps, Austria.", "actor    entity is a German former racing driver who competed in Formula One for Jordan, Benetton, Ferrari, and Mercedes. Schumacher has a joint-record seven World Drivers' Championship titles and, at the time of his retirement from the sport in 2012, he held the records for the most wins , pole positions and podium finishes \u2014which have since been broken by Hamilton\u2014while he maintains the record for the most fastest laps , amongst others.", "actor    entity is a German racing driver, nicknamed \"Schumi\" by his fans or sometimes by journalists. With seven Formula 1 world championship titles and 91 Formula 1 Grand Prix victories, he has the best track record in this sport.", "comedian    entity was an Irish musician, singer and songwriter. She was best known as the lead vocalist and lyricist for the alternative rock band the Cranberries. O'Riordan had one of the most recognisable voices in rock in the 1990s. She was known for her lilting mezzo-soprano voice, signature yodel, emphasised use of keening, and strong Limerick accent.", "comedian    entity is an Irish rock artist, best known as the lead singer of The Cranberries.", "screen writer    entity is a 1996 biographical drama film about the life of Valerie Solanas and her relationship with the artist Andy Warhol. The film marked the feature film directorial debut of Canadian director Mary Harron. The film stars Lili Taylor as Valerie, Jared Harris as Andy Warhol, and Martha Plimpton as Valerie's friend Stevie. Stephen Dorff plays Warhol superstar Candy Darling. John Cale of The Velvet Underground wrote the film's score despite protests from former band member Lou Reed. Yo La Tengo plays an anonymous band that is somewhat reminiscent of the group.", "screen writer    entity is a British-American film, released in 1996.", "album    entity is a song by American hip hop producer DJ Khaled, released as the lead single from his sixth studio album, Kiss the Ring. The song features American singer Chris Brown, rappers Rick Ross, Lil Wayne and Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj. The song was premiered via DJ Khaled's Twitter on March 26, 2012. It was later released for digital download in the United States on April 3, 2012. The single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales of over 500,000 digital copies. Musically, entity is a hip hop song.", "album    entity is a song by American producer DJ Khaled, released as the lead single from his sixth studio album, Kiss the Ring. As usual, Khaled invites many artists to his track, including American singer Chris Brown as well as American rappers Rick Ross, Nicki Minaj and Lil Wayne.", "album    entity is the fourth album by rapper Kurtis Blow, released in 1983 on Mercury Records. The entire album consisted of material from his EP Party Time? and his 1982 album Tough. Even though none of the material is new, the album was marketed as an album . Even the artwork is not completely original, as the picture of Blow was taken from the front cover of Tough.", "album    entity is Kurtis Blow's third studio album, released in 1983. The album includes tracks from the EPs Tough and Party Time?.", "governmental administrative region    entity was an independent federal dominion in South Asia established on 14 August 1947. At its inception, the Dominion of Pakistan did not include its princely states, which gradually acceded over the next year. Its status as a federal dominion within the British Empire ended in 1956 with the completion of the Constitution of Pakistan, which officially established the country as an Islamic Republic. The constitution also administratively split the nation into West Pakistan and East Pakistan, which were until then governed as a singular entity despite being separate geographic exclaves. In 1971, East Pakistan seceded as the new nation of Bangladesh.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the federal state created at the partition of India and whose territory today corresponds to Pakistan and Bangladesh. It existed from August 15, 1947 to March 23, 1956. When British colonial rule ended in 1947, the Indian Empire was divided into two dominions: the dominion of India and the dominion of Pakistan. Created by the Indian Independence Act of 1947 of the parliament of the United Kingdom, these two states existed until the adoption of their constitutions res", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village in Piaseczno Gmina in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 7 kilometers southwest of Piaseczno and 23 kilometers south of Warsaw. The village has a population of approximately 1,058 in 2013.", "screen writer    entity is an American former professional baseball infielder and coach who played in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds, Philadelphia Phillies, Montreal Expos, and Pittsburgh Pirates, from 1983 to 1994. After retiring as a player, Foley served as an on-field coach for the Tampa Bay Rays, from 2002 through 2017, when he moved into the team's front office.", "screen writer    entity is a baseball infielder who played in the Major Leagues from 1983 to 1995. Since the 2002 season, he has been a third base coach for the Tampa Bay Rays.", "architect    entity was a Uruguayan architect.", "architect    entity is an Uruguayan architect.", "screen writer    entity was an American psychologist, a professor emeritus at California State University, Fullerton, and the author of several books. In his most popular publications, Please Understand Me and the revised and expanded second volume Please Understand Me II , he laid out a self-assessed personality questionnaire, known as the Keirsey Temperament Sorter, which links human behavioral patterns to four temperaments and sixteen character types. Both volumes of Please Understand Me contain the questionnaire for type evaluation with detailed portraits and a systematic treatment of descriptions of temperament traits and personality characteristics. With a focus on conflict management and cooperation,", "screen writer    entity is an internationally renowned psychologist, professor emeritus at California State University Fullerton and author of several books.", "village    entity is a city in Eastern Slovakia. It is a seat of the administrative entity Region and \u0160ari\u0161 as well as the historic S\u00e1ros County of the Kingdom of Hungary. With a population of approximately 90,000 for the city, and in total about 110,000 in the metropolitan area, it is the third-largest city in Slovakia. It lends its name to the Eperjes-Tokaj Hill-Chain which was considered as the geographic entity on the first map of Hungary from 1528. There are many tourist attractions in entity such as castles, pools and the old town.", "village    entity is a city in eastern Slovakia.", "village    entity is a city in Ontario, Canada. It is the largest city in Northern Ontario by population, with a population of 161,531 at the 2016 Canadian Census. By land area, it is the largest in Ontario and the fifth largest in Canada. It is administratively a unitary authority and thus is not part of any district, county, or regional municipality. The City of Greater Sudbury is separate from but entirely surrounded by Sudbury District.", "village    entity is a city in Ontario, Canada. It is located in Northern Ontario, with a notable French-speaking population, making it an important Franco-Ontarian cultural center. In the 2011 census, it is the 29th most populous agglomeration in Canada, and the 14th in Ontario.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Svilajnac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 254 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Svilajnac, district of Pomoravlje.", "film    entity is a 1975 American thriller film directed by Steven Spielberg, based on the 1974 novel by Peter Benchley. In the film, a man-eating great white shark attacks beachgoers at a summer resort town, prompting police chief Martin Brody to hunt it with the help of a marine biologist and a professional shark hunter . Murray Hamilton plays the mayor, and Lorraine Gary portrays Brody's wife. The screenplay is credited to Benchley, who wrote the first drafts, and actor-writer Carl Gottlieb, who rewrote the script during principal photography.", "film    entity is an American horror film directed by Steven Spielberg, released in 1975. The second feature film by the young director then aged twenty-eight, it is adapted from the eponymous novel by Peter Benchley, published in 1974 at Doubleday editions. Both the novel and the film were critically and commercially successful worldwide.", "album    entity is Nickelback's seventh and final single from the album All the Right Reasons. The song was released only to U.S. rock stations.", "album    entity is the twentieth single from Nickelback and the seventh from their 2005 album All the Right Reasons.", "painter    entity was a Flemish Baroque painter.", "painter    entity was a Flemish Baroque painter.", "album    entity is a song by English musician John Lennon, from his first post-Beatles solo album, John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band. The album was released on 11 December 1970 in the United States and the United Kingdom.", "album    entity is a song by John Lennon released in December 1970 on his John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band album, the first of his non-live and experimental solo albums.", "musical artist    entity is a music genre indigenous to the Acadiana region of south Louisiana and an adjoining section of southeast Texas. Created in the 1950s by young Cajuns and Creoles, it combines New Orleans\u2013style rhythm and blues, country and western, and traditional French Louisiana musical influences. Although a fairly obscure genre, swamp pop maintains a large audience in its south Louisiana and southeast Texas homeland, and it has acquired a small but passionate cult following in the United Kingdom, Northern Europe, and Japan.", "musical artist    entity is music originating from the Acadiane region of Louisiana, resulting from the mixture of several musical styles rubbing shoulders within the same musical melting pot. Swamp pop music is a mix of blues, rock, country, boogie, and zydeco. The musicians are mostly Cajun and Creole descendants of French Louisiana, Acadia or Santo Domingo. The sung lyrics are a mix of Cajun speaking, standard French, and English.", "military person    entity was a French infantry commander during the French Revolutionary Wars.", "military person    entity was a general of the French Revolution and the First Empire.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres north-west of Warka, 19 km east of Gr\u00f3jec, and 44 km south of Warsaw. The village has a population of 100.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Warka in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies about 8 kilometers northwest of Warka, 19 kilometers east of Gr\u00f3jec and 44 kilometers south of Warsaw. The village has a population of approximately 100 in 2006.", "album    entity is the third album released by the rock music group Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. First released in 1986, the album is a collection of Cave's interpretations of songs by other artists. The title is a reference to a biblical quote from King James version of the Bible, Acts 26, verse 14. The album marked the Bad Seeds debut of drummer Thomas Wydler, expanding the Bad Seeds line-up to Cave , Wydler, bassist Barry Adamson, and guitarists Mick Harvey and Blixa Bargeld. Remarking on the song selection, Cave said:", "album    entity is the third album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released in 1986. The album consists entirely of covers.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the southern region of Brazil. It is the fifth-most-populous state and the ninth largest by area. Located in the southernmost part of the country, Rio Grande do Sul is bordered clockwise by Santa Catarina to the north and northeast, the Atlantic Ocean to the east, the Uruguayan departments of Rocha, Treinta y Tres, Cerro Largo, Rivera and Artigas to the south and southwest, and the Argentine provinces of Corrientes and Misiones to the west and northwest. The capital and largest city is Porto Alegre. The state has the highest life expectancy in Brazil, and the crime rate is relatively low compared to the Brazilian national av", "governmental administrative region    entity is the southernmost state in Brazil, bordered to the east by the Atlantic Ocean and bordering Argentina and Uruguay. Its capital is Porto Alegre.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger. Haydar was selected by the Nashville Predators in the ninth round of the 1999 NHL Entry Draft. He is one of the top AHL players of all-time, having won two Calder Cup championships and is the AHL\u2019s all-time leader in playoff goals , assists and points .", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "cricketer    entity is a Czech former professional ice hockey left winger. He was drafted in the seventh round, 133rd overall, by the San Jose Sharks in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft. He played 16 games in the National Hockey League with the Sharks over two seasons, scoring three goals and four assists. After career in North America, Otev\u0159el joined \u00c4ss\u00e4t of SM-liiga. His number 89 was later retired by \u00c4ss\u00e4t. According to his wish, the number is not hanging from the rafters.", "cricketer    entity is a Czech professional ice hockey player.", "video game    entity is a 2005 third-person puzzle-action video game developed and published by Namco for the PlayStation 2. It is the sequel to the 2004 sleeper hit Katamari Damacy. The player controls a diminutive character named the Prince as he rolls around an adhesive ball called a \"katamari\" to collect increasingly larger objects, ranging from coins to pencils to buildings, in order to build stars as ordered by his father, the King of All Cosmos.", "video game    entity is an action- puzzle video game developed and published by Namco , released in 2005 on PlayStation 2. It is the sequel to Katamari Damacy released in 2004 on the same machine.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson and the title song from her fifth studio album, Stronger . Originally titled as \"What Doesn't Kill You \", the song served as the album's second single on January 17, 2012, through RCA Records. Written by J\u00f6rgen Elofsson, Ali Tamposi, and David Gamson, with additional writing and production by Greg Kurstin, entity is an uptempo song which draws from the genres of dance-pop and electropop. Its lyrical content mainly explores themes of empowerment and recovery following a heartbreak, with the chorus inspired by a Friedrich Nietzsche quotation: \"That which does not kill us makes us stronger.\"", "album    entity is a song performed by American singer Kelly Clarkson. The title is taken from his fifth studio album, Stronger. The song is written by J\u00f6rgen Elofsson, Ali Tamposi, David Gamson, Greg Kurstin, and produced by Kurstin. It was sent on January 17, 2012 to world radio as the second single from the singer's fifth opus, succeeding \"Mr. Know It All\".", "vice president    entity was the second United States Secretary of the Navy from 1801 to 1809 and the sixth United States Secretary of State from 1809 to 1811. He was the brother of Senator Samuel Smith.", "vice president    entity was an American politician, Second Secretary of the United States Navy from 1801 to 1809, and Sixth Secretary of State from 1809 to 1811.", "video game    entity is the third video game in the Disgaea series by Nippon Ichi. It was released for the PlayStation 3 video game console. Jack Niida, Localization Director for NIS America, has stated that \"Disgaea 3 will have a downloadable content feature through the PlayStation Network to download new and old returning characters\".", "video game    entity is a tactical RPG type video game developed and published by Nippon Ichi Software in 2008 on PlayStation 3. At the end of 2011, the game was republished on PlayStation Vita under the title Disgaea 3: Absence of Detention. is the first opus to benefit from a French localization. However, its reissue on PS Vita has not been translated into French.", "economist    entity is best known for his contributions to rheology and the theory of fluid flow. He designed a concentric cylinder viscometer that he used to accurately measure the viscosity of fluids. The laminar flow observed in the gap between the two cylinders is known as Couette flow. He studied the boundary conditions of a fluid and showed that the \"no slip\" condition was satisfied for the fluids and wall materials tested.", "economist    entity is preparing his thesis for the doctorate in science on friction in liquids at the physical research laboratory of the Faculty of Sciences of Paris. Its name is mainly associated with the flow of Couette.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. He currently serves as general manager of SC Bern. Internationally, Ebbett has represented Team Canada at the 2016 and 2017 Spengler Cup, and won bronze at the 2018 Winter Olympics.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina K\u8242ecko, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres west of K\u8242ecko, 19 km north-west of Gniezno, and 41 km north-east of the regional capital Pozna\u8245.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of K\u0142ecko in Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "comics creator    entity was a Chinese Indologist, linguist, paleographer, historian and writer who has been honored by the governments of both India and China. Ji was proficient in many languages including Chinese, Sanskrit, Arabic, English, German, French, Russian, Pali and Tocharian, and translated many works. He published a memoir, , about his persecution during the Cultural Revolution.", "comics creator    entity is a Chinese Indologist, linguist, paleographer, historian, and writer. Distinguished by both the Indian and Chinese governments, he is best known for his autobiographical account describing his persecution as an intellectual during the Cultural Revolution.", "sports league    entity is a German professional football club based in the city of Hanover, Lower Saxony. They played in the Bundesliga for a total of 30 years between 1964 and 2019 and currently play in the 2. Bundesliga, the second tier in the German football league system, having been relegated from the Bundesliga, Germany's first tier, after finishing 17th in the 2018\u201319 season.", "sports league    entity is a German football club founded in 1896 and based in Hanover. He has been playing in the Bundesliga, the first German football division, since the 2002-2003 season.", "sports league    entity is an ice hockey team playing in the Finnish top division Liiga. They play in Jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4, Finland, at the L\u00e4hiTapiola Areena.", "sports league    entity is a Finnish ice hockey club located in Jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4 and playing in the SM-liiga. Founded in 1923, the JYP plays its home matches at the Jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4n j\u00e4\u00e4halli ice rink, which has a capacity of close to 4,500.", "soccer player    entity is a Bissau-Guinean professional footballer who plays as a winger for FC Tobol in the Kazakhstan Premier League.", "soccer player    entity is an international footballer from Bissau. He plays as a winger at CF Uni\u00e3o.", "screen writer    entity was an Ivorian novelist.", "screen writer    entity is an Ivorian writer born November 24, 1927 in Boundiali and died December 11, 2003 in Lyon.", "village    entity is a 2,444 m above sea level high mountain in the Kitzb\u00fchel Alps in Austria. It is one of the highest mountains on the main crest of the Kitzb\u00fchel Alps. The state border between Tyrol and Salzburger Land runs over its summit.", "village    entity is a mountain that rises 2,444 m above sea level in the Kitzb\u00fchel Alps, Austria.", "album    entity is the thirteenth studio album by English post-punk band Killing Joke, released on 27 September 2010 by Spinefarm Records, distributed worldwide by Universal Music Group. entity represents the first studio album in twenty-eight years featured the band's original line-up, Jaz Coleman , Kevin \"Geordie\" Walker , Martin \"Youth\" Glover and Paul Ferguson . entity was engineered and mixed by Clive Goddard, and produced by the band.", "album    entity is the 13th studio album by the band Killing Joke, released on CD, double CD, 33 rpm vinyl, double 33 rpm vinyl and via various digital distribution platforms on the Spinefarm Records label. A Deluxe Edition, comprising two discs including the a compilation of Killing Joke covers by other bands of various styles and titled Absolute Respect, was released at the same time.", "album    entity is the eighth and final single from rock band Nickelback's sixth studio album Dark Horse, released on March 23, 2010.", "album    entity is the twenty-eighth single from Nickelback and the eighth from the 2008 album Dark Horse.", "village    entity is a town in the Western Region of Uganda. It is on the road between Kampala and the Murchison Falls National Park. It is the site of the headquarters of the entity District.", "village    entity is a town, capital of entity District, Uganda.", "album    entity is an American rock band co-founded by singer Debbie Harry and guitarist Chris Stein. The band was a pioneer in the American new wave scene of the mid-1970s in New York. Their first two albums contained strong elements of these genres, and although highly successful in the United Kingdom and Australia, entity was regarded as an underground band in the United States until the release of Parallel Lines in 1978. Over the next five years, the band achieved several hit singles including \"Heart of Glass\", \"Call Me\", \"Atomic\", \"The Tide Is High\", and \u201cRapture\u201d. The band became noted for its eclectic mix of musical styles, incorporating elements of disco, pop, reggae, and early rap music.", "album    entity is an American music group, founded in 1975 in New York by Deborah Harry and Chris Stein. Pioneers of the pop punk scene of the 1970s, the group became famous for their electric mix of musical styles integrating elements of disco, pop, rap , reggae while retaining a new wave base.", "formula one team    entity was a non-Championship motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 28 July 1963 at the Solitudering, near Stuttgart. The race was run over 25 laps of the circuit, and was won by Jack Brabham in a Brabham BT3.", "formula one team    Results of the Solituderennen 1963 Formula 1 non-championship which took place on the Circuit de Solitude on July 28, 1963.", "village    entity is a town in the district of Steinburg in the Bundesland of Schleswig-Holstein.", "village    entity is a city in Germany located in the state of Schleswig-Holstein and belonging to the district of Steinburg. Its population was 7,806 on December 3, 2008.", "video game    entity is an arcade-style flight action game co-developed by Factor 5 and LucasArts. The first of three games in the Rogue Squadron series, it was published by LucasArts and Nintendo and released for Microsoft Windows and Nintendo 64 in December 1998. The game's story was influenced by the Star Wars: X-wing Rogue Squadron comics and is set in the fictional Star Wars galaxy, taking place primarily between events in the films Star Wars and The Empire Strikes Back. The player controls Luke Skywalker, commander of the elite X-wing pilots known as Rogue Squadron. As the game progresses, Skywalker and Rogue Squadron fight the Galactic Empire in 16 missions across various planets.", "video game    entity is an aerial combat video game developed by LucasArts and Factor 5, released in 1998 for Nintendo 64 and Windows. elite belonging to the Rebel Alliance and commanded by Luke Skywalker, then Wedge Antilles.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Rosenheim, Oberbayern, Germany. They currently play in Oberliga. Prior to the 2013\u201314 season they played in the 2nd Bundesliga. They play their home games at Rofa-Stadion, located in Rosenheim, Oberbayern.", "sports league    entity are a German professional ice hockey club based in Rosenheim. It evolves in DEL2, the second German level.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Kendrick Lamar. It was released on October 22, 2012, through Top Dawg Entertainment, Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records. The album features guest appearances from Drake, Dr. Dre, Jay-Z, Jay Rock, Anna Wise, and MC Eiht. It is Lamar's major label debut, after his independently released first album Section.80 in 2011 and his signing to Aftermath and Interscope the following year.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Kendrick Lamar, released on October 22, 2012. The album ranked #1 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and Top Rap Albums and #2 on the Billboard 200 and Top Digital Scrapbooks. It was certified platinum on August 21, 2013 by the Recording Industry Association of America.", "album    entity is a song recorded by American singer Janet Jackson for her fourth studio album, Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814 . It was written and produced by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, with additional writing by Jackson. While recording the album, Jackson and the producers watched television, especially news channels, and created the song inspired by that. entity focuses lyrically on homeless people. It was released as the eighth and final single from the album on February 6, 1991, by A&M Records.", "album    entity is a song by American artist Janet Jackson, taken from her fourth album, Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814 and released as a single on February 6, 1991 by A&M Records. It was primarily written and produced by the duo Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. The song is musically complemented by the sounds of sirens and synthesizers while the lyrics evoke the problem of homelessness. The song was designed taking inspiration from news channels.", "album    entity is the eighth and final studio album by American hip hop band Beastie Boys, released on May 3, 2011, through Capitol Records. The project was originally planned to be released in two parts, with Hot Sauce Committee, Pt. 1 originally planned for release in 2009. The release was delayed after band member Adam \"MCA\" Yauch's cancer diagnosis. After a two-year delay, only one collection of tracks, Part Two, was released and the plan for a two-part album was eventually abandoned after Yauch's death on May 4, 2012.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by the Beastie Boys, released on April 27, 2011. Originally scheduled for release in 2009 and then in September 2010, the album was postponed following Adam Yauch's cancer. It was finally released in April 2011.", "soccer player    entity is a professional association football player who plays for UAE Pro League club Al Jazira and the United Arab Emirates national team. Coming through the youth system, Mabkhout made his debut for Al Jazira's first team in 2009.", "soccer player    entity is an Emirati international footballer playing as a striker in Al-Jazeera.", "painter    entity was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes and seascapes.", "painter    entity was an Italian painter, considered the most important landscape painter of the 19th century in Sicily. He was among the first painters to use photography as a reference to create his works.", "village    entity is a commune in the Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9 in eastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire in the Burgundy region.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American dream pop duo Beach House. It was released on February 26, 2008, by Carpark Records and in Europe by Bella Union. Written in the early months of 2007, it was recorded at Lord Baltimore Recording Studio within two months. The album was released to mostly positive reviews from music critics and is their first album to enter the Billboard 200 chart, debuting at #195, selling roughly 3,000 copies upon its release. As of April 2012 entity has sold 49,000 copies in United States according to Nielsen Soundscan.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American dream pop duo Beach House, released on February 26, 2008.", "sea    entity is a 1936 American adventure drama film directed by Howard Hawks and starring James Cagney and Pat O'Brien. The picture stars Cagney as daredevil womanizing pilot \"Dizzy\" Davis and O'Brien as Jake Lee, his war veteran buddy and the operations manager of an airline company. Based on a stage play of the same name, the film blends drama with some light comedy. The title, as defined at the beginning of the picture, is an insider term referring to those moments when the sky is so thick with fog that navigating an aircraft is nearly impossible.", "sea    entity is a 1935 American film directed by Howard Hawks, released in 1936.", "comics creator    entity is presented in music videos, interviews and short cartoons. Gorillaz' music often features collaborations with a wide range of featured artists. Stephen Sedgwick has been the mixing engineer for the band since 2005. In 2015, Remi Kabaka Jr. became the producer for the band after several years of providing the voice of Russel, John Davis became the mastering engineer, and Samuel Egglenton the assistant engineer.", "comics creator    entity is a virtual English music group whose two main creators are Damon Albarn and Jamie Hewlett. The virtual members of entity are depicted as cartoon characters. Their music is a mix of Britpop, Hip-Hop, Trip Hop, Indie-Rock, Classical and other styles.", "soccer manager    entity is a Dominican Republic former professional baseball pitcher. He played for the Oakland Athletics, Milwaukee Brewers, Chicago White Sox, Arizona Diamondbacks, New York Yankees, Colorado Rockies, Chicago Cubs, and Cleveland Indians in his career.", "soccer manager    entity is a Dominican baseball player who played in Major League Baseball from 1999 to 2009. This relief pitcher won the World Series in 2005 with the Chicago White Sox.", "soccer player    entity is an Ivorian former professional footballer who played as a forward.", "soccer player    entity is an Ivorian international footballer.", "album    entity is the second extended play by American indie folk band Fleet Foxes, released on April 8, 2008, on Bella Union and Sub Pop. While the EP was released prior to their debut album, Fleet Foxes, entity was recorded after the LP. entity was originally intended to be a tour only release, but demand from fans led to its official release. Fleet Foxes had stated that entity was pressed so that they had something to sell on tour, and clarified that the music was not indicative of their ambitions. Despite this, the EP met with wide critical acclaim; it was named the #1 album of the year by Pitchfork in conjunction with their debut LP.", "album    entity is an EP by Seattle band Fleet Foxes, released February 25, 2008. Along with their self-titled debut album, entity was named the best album of 2008 by Pitchfork. This EP was released before their debut album, Fleet Foxes, the songs by entity were actually recorded before those on their album.", "album    entity is a song by Armenian-American heavy metal band System of a Down, released as a promotional single from their third studio album, Steal This Album!", "album    entity is a single and song by American nu metal and alternative metal band System of a Down, taken from the album Steal This Album! was released on November 26, 2002. This is track 2 of the album, music is by Daron Malakian and lyrics by Serj Tankian.Metal Portal Metal Portal Music Portal Music Portal \u2022 Song section", "american football team    entity was known as the New England Whalers throughout its time in the WHA. The Whalers moved to Hartford in 1974 and joined the NHL in the NHL\u2013WHA merger of 1979.", "american football team    entity are a former National Hockey League franchise. They were formerly known as the New England Whalers in the World Hockey Association from 1972 to 1979. In 1997 they moved to Raleigh, North Carolina where they changed to the Carolina Hurricanes.", "album    entity is a song by English indie pop band The xx. It is the seventh track on their debut album, xx, and the only track from it that was written and performed without former member Baria Qureshi. The song's lyrics were written by Romy Madley Croft, with the music written by her, Oliver Sim and Jamie Smith, and the song being produced by the latter.", "album    entity is a song by Mercury Music Prize-winning indie pop band The xx from their 2009 album xx. It is the seventh track on the album. It is the only song on the album written and composed without former band member Baria Quareshi. The song was written by Romy Madley Croft, and the music composed by her, Oliver Sim and Jamie Smith. The title has been covered many times by other artists, including Birdy. His cover was included on his debut album Birdy.", "single    entity is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, New York Mets, Houston Astros, Boston Red Sox, and Cleveland Indians from 1999 through 2012.", "single    entity is a right-handed relief pitcher playing in Major League Baseball with the Cleveland Indians.", "album    entity is a song by American pop rock band Maroon 5 featuring American rapper Wiz Khalifa. It was released on April 16, 2012, as the lead single from their fourth studio album, Overexposed . The song was written by Adam Levine, Benny Blanco, Ammar Malik, Robopop, Shellback, and Khalifa, and produced by Blanco and Shellback. The song is a pop ballad and describes a romance that ended abruptly. It has received favorable reviews from music critics, who praised the catchy melody and named it \"a radio success\", but some others dismissed its title and Khalifa's appearance.", "album    entity is a song by American band Maroon 5 released on April 16, 2012. The single is from their 4th studio album Overexposed. Along with rapper Wiz Khalifa, the song was written by Adam Levine, Benny Blanco, Ammar Malik, Shellback, Dan Omelio, and Wiz Khalifa; produced by Shellback and Benny Blanco. The song is a pop ballad.", "basketball team    entity were a professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League . They played in the NHL from 1924 to 1938, winning the Stanley Cup in 1926 and 1935. They were the last non-Original Six team to win the Stanley Cup until the expansion Philadelphia Flyers won in 1974.", "basketball team    entity is the nickname of an ice hockey franchise of the National Hockey League which was located in Montreal, in the province of Quebec, in Canada. Officially, the name of the team was Montreal Hockey Club.", "album    entity is the title track from English rock band Blur's third studio album, Parklife . When released as the album's third single in August 1994, it reached number 10 on the UK Singles Chart and number 30 in Ireland. The song contains elements of spoken word in the verses, narrated by actor Phil Daniels, who also appears in the song's music video. The choruses are sung by lead singer Damon Albarn.", "album    entity is Blur's tenth single, taken from the album of the same name. The song was ranked 65th Greatest British Song of All Time by Xfm in 2010.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by American singer Mariah Carey, released on November 2, 1999, by Columbia Records. The album followed the same pattern as Carey's previous two albums, Daydream and Butterfly , in which she began her transition into the urban adult contemporary market. entity contains a mix of hip hop-influenced R&B tracks, as well as a variety of slow ballads. Carey produced the album with David Foster and Diane Warren, who, as well as Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis, replaced Walter Afanasieff, the main balladeer Carey worked with throughout the 1990s. As a result of her separation from her husband, Tommy Mottola, Carey had more control over the musical style of this album, so she collaborated with several urban artists and rappers such as Jay-Z, Usher and Snoop", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by American artist Mariah Carey, released on November 2, 1999 through Columbia Records. The album continues the evolution started with the album Butterfly which brings him towards R&B. entity is a mix of hip-hop and R&B, with some ballads as well. Carey collaborates in particular with Teddy Riley, David Foster or Diane Warren, who replaces Walter Afanasieff, the main author of Carey in the 1990s. As a result of his separation from Tommy", "sports league    entity is a Spanish professional football club based in Madrid.", "sports league    entity is a Spanish professional football club based in Madrid. It is the most successful club in Spanish football. It was voted the best club of the 20th century by FIFA. He has won 32 La Liga titles, 19 Spanish Cups and a record 10 Champions Leagues and 2 UEFA Cups.", "album    entity is the 32nd studio album by Canadian / American musician Neil Young, released on October 30, 2012. It is the second collaboration between Young and Crazy Horse released in 2012 and their first original work together since the Greendale album and tour in 2003 and 2004. The album was streamed on Young's website on October 24, 2012, and leaked onto the Internet the same day. A High Fidelity Pure Audio Blu-ray Disc version of the album, with 24-bit/192kHz resolution and two bonus tracks, was released November 19, 2012. A vinyl version is also available.", "album    entity is a double studio album recorded by Neil Young and Crazy Horse. It was released on October 29, 2012, just six months after the previous album Americana. It is the longest studio album recorded by Neil Young.", "album    entity is the 11th single of the Japanese band High and Mighty Color, released on December 11, 2007.", "album    entity is the 13th single from High and Mighty Color released by SME Records on December 12, 2007 in Japan. It reached number 30 in the Oricon chart. It sold 3,873 copies in the first week and remained charted for 5 weeks, for a total of 8,427 copies sold.entity was used as the theme for the show Ekiden; and Parade was used as the theme for the 2007-2008 Japanese football season, and as an advertising campaign for Nabisco.", "album    entity were an English rock band formed in Swindon in 1972. Fronted by songwriters Andy Partridge and Colin Moulding , the band gained popularity during the rise of punk and new wave in the 1970s, later playing in a variety of styles that ranged from angular guitar riffs to elaborately arranged pop. Partly because the group did not fit into contemporary trends, they achieved only sporadic commercial success in the UK and US, but attracted a considerable cult following there and in Japan. They have since been recognised for their influence on post-punk, Britpop and later power pop acts.", "album    entity is a new wave group formed in Swindon, England, in 1976. After more than twenty years of career and more than a dozen albums, entity remains best known to the general French public for its \"tubesque\" Making Plans For Nigel , although it is considered by music professionals and critics as one of the major groups of post-Beatles English pop.", "album    entity is a song by The Damned, released as a single on 12th October 1979 on Chiswick Records. It is considered the band's unofficial anthem. The single was the second release from the band's Machine Gun Etiquette album, where it was listed as \"Smash It Up \". The B-side of the single was \"Burglar\".", "album    entity is a song by British punk rock band The Damned. It was released in October 1979 as a single.", "record label    entity is a German independent record label. Founded on 1 January 1984, it has slowly grown to be one of the largest independent distributors and record labels worldwide. It has several sub-labels that it produces and distributes, including the labels Steamhammer , Long Branch Records , Oblivion , SPV Recordings and Cash Machine Records .", "record label    entity is an independent German label created in 1984 in Hanover, distributor of Roadrunner Records. It has a distribution agreement with Sony Music.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at the Aintree Circuit on 18 July 1959. It was race 5 of 9 in the 1959 World Championship of Drivers and race 4 of 8 in the 1959 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. It was the 14th British Grand Prix and the third to be held at the Aintree Motor Racing Circuit, a circuit mapped out in the grounds of the Aintree Racecourse horse racing venue. The race was held over 75 laps of the four kilometre circuit for a race distance of 362 kilometres.", "formula one team    Results of the 1959 Formula 1 British Grand Prix held at Aintree Circuit on 18th July 1959.", "actor    entity is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and actor. Born in Hollis, Queens, he debuted in 1999 with Venni Vetti Vecci and its lead single \"Holla Holla\". During the 2000s, Ja Rule was signed to Murder Inc., formerly known as The Inc. and led by Irv Gotti. From 1999 to 2005, Ja Rule had multiple hits that made the top 20 of the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, including \"Between Me and You\" , \"I'm Real \" and \"Ain't It Funny\" \u2014which both topped the Hot 100\u2014the number 1 hit \"Always on Time\" , \"Mesmerize\" , and \"Wonderful\" .", "actor    entity is an American rapper. He became the standard bearer for The Inc. Records label.", "comics creator    entity is a person who designs costumes for a film, stage production or television show. The role of the costume designer is to create the characters' outfits/costumes and balance the scenes with texture and colour, etc. The costume designer works alongside the director, scenic, lighting designer, sound designer, and other creative personnel. The costume designer may also collaborate with hair stylist, wig master, or makeup artist. In European theatre, the role is different, as the theatre designer usually designs both costume and scenic elements.", "comics creator    entity is in charge of the costumes, whether for a film shoot or a theatrical or lyrical performance. He can design them in order to have them made in the workshop, in which case he is also considered a stylist, or buy them when it comes to modern clothing.", "album    entity is an unreleased demo album by American singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey, under the pseudonym May Jailer. It was recorded in 2006. The entire album was leaked through YouTube in May 2012.", "album    entity is Lana Del Rey's debut studio album. This album never met with success with the public. The album leaked to YouTube in May 2012.", "prefecture    entity is the capital and largest city of Lithuania, with a population of 588,412 as of 2021. The population of entity's functional urban area, which stretches beyond the city limits, is estimated at 706,832 , while according to the entity territorial health insurance fund, there were 732,421 permanent inhabitants as of October 2020 in entity city and entity district municipalities combined. entity is in southeastern Lithuania and is the second-largest city in the Baltic states. It is the seat of Lithuania's national government and the entity District Municipality.", "prefecture    entity is the capital of Lithuania. With more than 500,000 inhabitants, it is the most populous city in the country.", "old territory    entity was the largest battle of the Franco-Prussian War. Named after Gravelotte, a village in Lorraine, it was fought about 6 miles west of Metz, where on the previous day, having intercepted the French army's retreat to the west at the Battle of Mars-La-Tour, the Prussians were now closing in to complete the destruction of the French forces.", "old territory    The Battle of Saint-Privat or, more rarely, Battle of Amanvillers - French names - or Battle of Gravelotte - German name - took place on August 18, 1870 during the Franco-Prussian War, about ten kilometers to the west of Metz.", "instrumentalist    entity is largely a product of lead vocalist/guitarist/producer Robert Schneider, who writes the majority of the band's music and lyrics. Currently, The Apples in Stereo also includes longstanding members John Hill and Eric Allen , as well as more recent members John Dufilho , John Ferguson , and Ben Phelan .", "instrumentalist    entity is mainly led by vocalist, guitarist and producer Robert Schneider, who has done much of the band's lyrics and music.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by Erasure, recorded in 1985 soon after the duo's formation. It was released on 1 May 1986 by Sire Records in the USA and 2 June 1986 by Mute Records in the UK and Germany. Not an immediate success, the three singles released from it failed to crack the Top 40 in the UK, nor did any of them enter the Billboard Hot 100. \"Who Needs Love Like That\" would eventually make the British Top 10 in 1992, and \"Oh L'amour\" became a UK Top 20 in 2003, both in remixed form promoting their Pop! The First 20 Hits and Hits! compilations respectively. However, the album fared better in both Germany and Sweden, where it was a Top 20 success.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by British band Erasure, released on June 2, 1986. This is an album representative of the English new wave of the mid-1980s. entity contains the group's very first success: the song Oh l'Amour, which was released a few months earlier. Since the Erasure group had not yet been discovered in its own country, the commercial success of entity was limited to Germany and Sweden.", "musical artist    entity is an English singer and songwriter. His debut album, The Lateness of the Hour, was released in the UK on 11 July 2011 on Island Records and was produced by Mike Spencer and Major Lazer. The biggest hit from the album, \"Too Close\", peaked at number 4 on the UK Singles Chart and number 7 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The song was nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Single at the 2013 Brit Awards.", "musical artist    entity is a British singer. His debut studio album titled The Lateness of the Hour was released on July 11, 2011 through Island Records, produced by Mike Spencer and Major Lazer.", "video game    entity is a home video game console developed and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was first released on 3 December 1994 in Japan, 9 September 1995 in North America, 29 September 1995 in Europe, and 15 November 1995 in Australia, and was the first of the PlayStation line of video game consoles. As a fifth-generation console, the PlayStation primarily competed with the Nintendo 64 and the Sega Saturn.", "video game    entity is a fifth generation video game console, produced by Sony Computer Entertainment from 1994.", "album    entity is a song by English rock group Led Zeppelin. A funk-influenced piece with John Paul Jones on clavinet, it was included on their 1975 album Physical Graffiti. The song was released as a single in several countries and was frequently performed in concert.", "album    entity is the fifth song from Physical Graffiti, the sixth album by English rock band Led Zeppelin, released in 1975. The song, released from a jam session, was written by Robert Plant, Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones. The lyrics are inspired by the song \"Terraplane Blues\" written in 1936 by blues musician Robert Johnson. A Terraplane is an American classic car manufactured from 1932 to 1939.", "album    entity is the second studio album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen, released on 30 September 1985 through Polydor Records. The album reached No. 52 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for 28 weeks, as well as reaching the top 30 in two other countries. The eighth track, \"On the Run Again\", is a remake of \"Victim of the City\", a song written in 1983 by Malmsteen's earlier band Steeler, which was later released on their 2005 compilation album Metal Generation: The Steeler Anthology.", "album    entity is Yngwie Malmsteen's second album, released in 1985. Composed of songs, it is characterized by a distinctly more metal sound than its predecessor. It does, however, feature solos and arrangements reminiscent of his neoclassical debut album Yngwie J. Malmsteen's Rising Force.", "album    entity is an American melodic death metal band from Waterford, Michigan, formed in 2001. Their name is derived from the 1947 unsolved murder of Elizabeth Short, often referred to as Black Dahlia. The band currently comprises lead vocalist Trevor Strnad, rhythm guitarist Brian Eschbach, bassist Max Lavelle, drummer Alan Cassidy, and lead guitarist Brandon Ellis. Out of the eight studio albums they have released to date, the last seven have charted on the U.S. Billboard 200, with their fifth album Ritual peaking at No. 31 in 2011, marking them as one of the most popular contemporary American extreme metal bands. Their ninth and latest album Verminous was released on April 17, 2020.", "album    entity is an American metal band from Waterford. The band's name is inspired by the unsolved murder of a young American actress, Elizabeth Short, nicknamed The Black Dahlia, in 1947. The band consists of vocalist Trevor Strnad, guitarists Brian Eschbach and Ryan Knight, drummer Alan Cassidy, and bassist Max Lavelle.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the western Bernese Alps in Switzerland. The summit is the tripoint between the cantons of Vaud, Berne and Valais. entity is the second highest peak of the massif of the Diablerets and canton of Vaud. It overlooks the Tsanfleuron Glacier on the south and the Col du Pillon on the north. The summit can be easily reached by the east ridge in less than three hours. The nearby Scex Rouge is connected from the Col du Pillon by a cable car. The Tsanfleuron Glacier must be crossed.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Bernese Alps in Switzerland. It culminates at 3,123 meters. It is a tripoint between the cantons of Berne, Vaud and Valais.Mountain portal Mountain portal Alps portal Alps portal Geography portal of Switzerland Geography portal of Switzerland Portal of the Mittelland area Portal of Espace Mittelland Portal of Valais Portal of Valais Portal of the canton of Vaud Portal of the canton of Vaud", "actor    entity is also known as Hikaru Utada and the mononym Utada, is a Japanese-American singer-songwriter and producer. Born in the United States to Japanese parents, record producer Utada Teruzane and enka singer Keiko Fuji, Utada began to write music and lyrics at an early age and often traveled to Tokyo as a result of her father's job. Eventually, a recording contract with Toshiba-EMI was signed. Under the stage name Cubic U, she released an English-language debut album Precious in early 1998, but it was a commercial failure. In the following year, heavily influenced by R&B and dance-pop, a Japanese-language debut First Love was released and became an immediate success. Backed by the success of singles \"Automatic\", \"Time Will Tell\", and \"Movin' On", "actor    entity is a singer, songwriter, arranger and music producer in Japan, daughter of former enka singer Keiko Fuji and music producer Teruzane Utada.", "album    entity is the first single from Duran Duran's self-titled 1993 album, commonly known as The Wedding Album.", "album    entity is a song by English band Duran Duran, released as a single in 1992. It is the first single from Duran Duran, the band's seventh studio album released in 1993. This album is also known as The Wedding Album, to differentiate it from the other self-titled album Duran Duran released in 1981. This song is one of the biggest hits in the band's discography.", "village    entity is a former commune in the Orne department in north-western France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Gouffern en Auge.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, populated by 783 inhabitants.", "comics creator    entity is an American record producer and DJ. He is best known for producing trap beats for several Southern hip hop and pop artists on various commercially successful singles, including \"Black Beatles\" and \"Powerglide\" by Rae Sremmurd, \"Mercy\" by Kanye West, \"No Lie\" by 2 Chainz, \"Bandz a Make Her Dance\" by Juicy J, \"Pour It Up\" by Rihanna, \"Love Me\" by Lil Wayne, \"Body Party\" by Ciara, \"We Can't Stop\" by Miley Cyrus, \"Formation\" by Beyonc\u00e9, and \"Humble\" by Kendrick Lamar. He has released six mixtapes and one studio album, Ransom 2.", "comics creator    entity is an American music producer.", "album    entity is a song written and recorded by English rock musician Peter Gabriel. It was released on his 1980 self-titled solo album, where it included backing vocals by Kate Bush. The song's lyrics are interpreted as a commentary on war and international diplomacy being like children's games. The video includes film clips of Olympic events and scenes from the 1951 educational film Duck and Cover, which used a cartoon turtle to instruct US schoolchildren on what to do in case of nuclear attack. This forlorn imagery tends to reinforce the song's anti-war theme. Two different versions of the music video were initially created for the song, followed by a third one made in 2004.", "album    entity is a song written, composed and performed by Peter Gabriel, released on the singer's third album.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Po\u017earevac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1,329 people. Population is mainly ethnically Serbian, and main occupations are agriculture and trade. Many of the entity residents have moved out, becoming year-round guest-workers in Austria, Germany, Switzerland and Italy. entity has a school, grades K-8, serving children from nearby village of Re\u010dica as well. A Bronze Age figurine \"The Idol of entity\" was found in a grave in the village. It was destroyed during World War I.", "village    entity is a locality of Serbia located on the territory of the City of Po \u017e arevac , district of Brani \u010d evo.", "album    entity is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her fourth studio album, Red . Swift co-produced the song with Nathan Chapman and Dann Huff. Initially released as a promotional single on September 25, 2012, by Big Machine Records, the song served as the second official single from Red on October 1, 2012. entity is a country song, with the lyrical content finding Swift falling in love again after a failed relationship.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Taylor Swift from her fourth studio album Red. She was released as a single on October 1, 2012 under Big Machine Records.", "album    entity is a 1995 song recorded by the French artist Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was the second single from her fourth album Anamorphos\u00e9e and was released on 12 December 1995. Directed by Marcus Nispel in New York, the music video humorously depicts the apocalypse and shows Farmer bathing in foam. The song became the biggest hit from the album, reaching number six in France. In January 2004, the song was the subject of a remix produced by One-T and was released as promotional single.", "album    entity is the twenty-first single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer released on December 12, 1995. It is also the second single from her fourth studio album Anamorphos\u00e9e.", "album    entity is the first single released from MC Ren's debut solo album, Shock of the Hour. It was released on October 29, 1993 and was produced by Tootie. \"Same Ol' Shit\" became MC Ren's most successful single chart-wise by making it to #90 on the Billboard Hot 100, his only single to make it to that chart.", "album    entity is a song by rapper MC Ren released in October 1993, from the album Shock of the Hour.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by rapper Royce da 5'9\" released on August 9, 2011. The first single is \"Writer's Block\" featuring Eminem, which was released in March 2011. Production for the album came from DJ Premier, Mr. Porter, Eminem, Nottz, Streetrunner, The Futuristiks and The Alchemist among others. Guest appearances include Eminem, Joe Budden, Kid Vishis and Travis Barker.", "album    entity is Royce's fifth studio album da 5'9\", released on August 9, 2011. The album ranked #3 on Top Independent Albums, #5 on Top Rap Albums, #7 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums , 15th on the Top Digital Albums and 25th on the Billboard 200.", "actor    entity is a Canadian singer, songwriter and actress. By the age of 15, she had appeared on stage with Shania Twain, and by 16, she had signed a two-album recording contract with Arista Records worth more than $2 million. Alongside her music career, Lavigne voiced Heather, a Virginia opossum, in the animated film Over the Hedge , and made her screen acting debut in Fast Food Nation .", "actor    entity is a French-Canadian pop-rock singer-songwriter and designer. She has been successful since the early 2000s, having sold 35 million albums worldwide and 18 million singles.", "single    entity is a Russian left-handed sabre fencer, six-time team European champion, two-time team world champion, 2016 individual Olympic champion, and 2016 team Olympic champion.", "single    entity is a Russian fencer, specialist in saber, born on December 20, 1993 in Yerevan.", "comedian    entity is an Australian singer-songwriter, guitarist and music critic. In December 1977 he co-founded an indie rock group, The Go-Betweens, with fellow musician, Grant McLennan. In 1980 Lindy Morrison joined the group on drums and backing vocals and by 1981 Forster and Morrison were also lovers. In 1988, Streets of Your Town, co-written by McLennan and Forster, became the band's biggest chart hit in both Australia and the United Kingdom. The follow-up single, \"Was There Anything I Could Do?\", was a No. 16 hit on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart in the United States. In December 1989, after recording six albums, The Go-Betweens disbanded. Forster and Morrison had separated as a couple earlier and Forster began his solo music career from 1990.", "comedian    entity is an Australian singer, former co-founder of the group The Go-Betweens, a group in which we found in particular Mick Harvey.", "album    entity is the band's longest serving member, bassist Dale Stewart joined shortly after formation while drummer John Humphrey joined them for the band's second album. Since 2018, the band has been employing second guitarist Corey Lowery. Several notable guitarists like Corey's brother Clint and Troy McLawhorn have toured or recorded with the band, however, Shaun has recorded most guitar parts for the band's records.", "album    entity are a South African post-grunge rock band formed in 1999.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Norah Jones, released on February 10, 2004, through Blue Note Records. It serves as the follow up to Jones' 2002 breakthrough album, Come Away with Me. At the 47th Annual Grammy Awards the album was nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album. \"Sunrise\", the album's lead single, won the Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. \"Creepin' In\", featuring Dolly Parton, was also nominated for a Grammy, in the category of Best Country Collaboration with Vocals.", "album    entity is the second album by American singer Norah Jones, released in 2004. In the United States, the album sold over one million copies in its first two weeks of release. In the Netherlands, it was the best sale of the year.", "album    entity is an orchestral compilation album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth . The re-recorded songs selected are from the band's first four releases. The title comes from the lyrics of \"Mistress from the Sucking Pit\", a bonus track on some editions of Darkly, Darkly, Venus Aversa.", "album    entity is an album by the extreme metal band Cradle of Filth published on April 21, 2012. It comes in the form of a double opus consisting of titles taken from their first four albums with purely orchestral versions on a first disc and on a second, these same versions embellished with a few vocal lines, reinterpreted by Dani Filth and Sarah Jezebel Deva.", "politician    entity is an Italian politician. A prominent member of the now-defunct centre-right People of Freedom, he joined the New Centre-Right party in 2013, but he left it in 2016 for Forza Italia, the People of Freedom's successor. From 29 April 2008 to 14 March 2013 he was president of the Italian Senate. Schifani was born in Palermo.", "politician    entity is an Italian parliamentarian, president of the Senate of the Republic from 2008 to 2013 during the XVI legislature of the Parliament of the Italian Republic.", "film    entity is a 1912 short silent film directed by D. W. Griffith and produced and distributed by the Biograph Company. A short Biograph film preserved from the Library of Congress paperprint collection.", "film    entity is a 1912 American dramatic short film directed by DW Griffith from a screenplay by George Hennessy. A copy of the film is held at the Library of Congress, USA.", "formula one team    entity was the opening motor race of the 1990 Formula One World Championship held on March 11, 1990, in Phoenix, Arizona. It was the 32nd United States Grand Prix since the American Grand Prize was first held in 1908, and the 25th under Formula One regulations since the first United States Grand Prix was held at Sebring, Florida in 1959. It was the second to be held on the streets of Phoenix and ran over 72 laps of the 4 km-circuit. It was Alesi's first podium finish, with Belgian driver Thierry Boutsen in a Williams FW13B coming home third.", "formula one team    Results of the 1990 Formula 1 United States Automobile Grand Prix held at the Phoenix circuit on March 11, 1990.", "screen writer    entity was an English-born actor, starting his career in theatre and silent film in his native country, then emigrating to the United States and having a successful Hollywood film career. He was most popular during the 1920s, 1930s and 1940s. He received Oscar nominations for Bulldog Drummond , Condemned and Random Harvest . Colman starred in several classic films, including A Tale of Two Cities , Lost Horizon and The Prisoner of Zenda . He also played the starring role in the Technicolor classic Kismet , with Marlene Dietrich, which was nominated for four Academy Awards. In 1947, he won an Academy Award for Best Actor and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor for the film A Double Life.", "screen writer    entity is a British actor and screenwriter born February 9, 1891 in Richmond upon Thames, died May 19, 1958 in Santa Barbara.", "album    entity is the first solo release by Black Milk, a rapper and hip hop producer from Detroit, Michigan. He had previously released material as part of the hip hop production group, B.R. Gunna, along with Young RJ and Fat Ray.", "album    entity is Black Milk's debut studio album, released on October 14, 2005.", "writer    entity is one of the best-known portraits by Spanish painter Diego Vel\u00e1zquez. Executed in oil on canvas, it measures 127 cm high by 107 cm wide and was one of Vel\u00e1zquez's last paintings, produced in 1659, a year before his death. It shows Margaret Theresa of Spain who also appears in the artist's Las Meninas. Currently, the painting is in the Kunsthistorisches Museum.", "writer    entity is an oil on canvas painted in 1659 by Diego V\u00e9lasquez and kept at the Museum of Art History in Vienna", "screen writer    entity was an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and author. He was President of the Writers Guild of America, West from 1969 to 1971, 1979 to 1981, and 1985 to 1987.", "screen writer    entity is an American director, screenwriter and producer.", "comics creator    entity was a Syrian American artist who has often been called \"the last of the classicists\". As an artist he was remarkably prolific in the last years of his life despite a protracted and painful struggle with terminal cancer. He was also an accomplished architect, archaeologist, and author. His artwork has garnered international recognition and praise both in his lifetime and posthumously.", "comics creator    entity is a Syrian-American artist, architect and writer.", "village    entity is the oldest continuously inhabited city in Romania. It was founded around 600 BC. The city is located in the Northern Dobruja region of Romania, on the Black Sea coast. It is the capital of Constan\u021ba County and the largest city in the historical region of Dobrogea.", "village    entity is a port city in eastern Romania located on the western shores of the Black Sea: it is the capital of the county of entity in Dobroge e.The municipality of entity a has a population of 304,279 inhabitants on July 1, 2007, but the agglomeration has about 450,000 inhabitants with neighboring municipalities over an area of \u200b\u200b1013.5 km2, the second largest agglomeration in the country after Bucharest .", "screen writer    entity is a 2009 neo-noir thriller written and directed by Vietnamese-born French director Tran Anh Hung, starring American actor Josh Hartnett. After making three movies about Vietnam, Tran Anh Hung intended to make a baroque action film, a passionate thriller, both intense and poetic, haunted by three characters from the mythology of film and the Western world: the serial killer, the private investigator, and the Christ figure. The action takes place in Los Angeles, Mindanao and Hong Kong and brings together American and Asian actors.", "screen writer    entity is a French film by the director of Vietnamese origin Tran Anh Hung released in 2009 in Asia. It is a psychological thriller written by Tran Anh Hung starring American actor Josh Hartnett in the title role.", "skyscraper    entity is a London Underground station served by the Jubilee line. Despite its name, it is not in the local area historically known as entity, on the Isle of Dogs, north of the River Thames; a completely different entity station used to be there, from 1872 until 1926. It is actually closer to Charlton than to Greenwich; however, it is at the northernmost tip of the Royal Borough of Greenwich, which perhaps gives the best explanation of the name. It lies between Canary Wharf and Canning Town on the Jubilee line, in Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3.", "skyscraper    entity is a station on the London Underground, on the Jubilee line. It is located on the Greenwich Peninsula, towards the Millennium Dome.", "single    entity was a British speed record breaker who broke eight absolute world speed records on water and on land in the 1950s and 1960s. He remains the only person to set both world land and water speed records in the same year . He died during a water speed record attempt at Coniston Water in the Lake District, England.", "single    entity is a Briton who broke eight world speed records on water and on land during the 1950s and 1960s. He remains the only person to break a speed record on both land and water in the same year .", "prefecture    entity is a county located in the east of Hengyang prefecture-level city, Hunan province, China. It was established from the eastern part of Hengshan County in 1966 and named after the east of Mount Heng. The county has an area of 1,926.78 km2 with a population of 746,300 . The county of Hengdong has two townships and 15 towns under its jurisdiction, its seat is Mishui Town .", "prefecture    entity is an administrative district of Hunan Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Hengyang.", "album    entity is the third EP by prog rock band King Crimson released in 2002, a companion to the subsequent album The Power to Believe . Many of the songs on Happy With What You Have to Be Happy With can also be found on The Power to Believe, but there are differences between recordings; this version of \"entity\" is longer by one chorus, and \"Eyes Wide Open\" uses primarily acoustic instrumentation.", "album    entity is an EP by King Crimson released in 2002. It is a kind of introduction to the album The Power to Believe, released the following year. The songs on this EP are different from those on the album. Between this version of entity and the one on the album, a chorus passage has been deleted. Likewise, the version of Eyes Wide Open present on the EP is an acoustic version.", "village    entity is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department and the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are called the entitys. Located to the south-west of the Alpilles massif and north of La Crau, near Arles, it is a town that lives mainly from agriculture and tourism.", "screen writer    entity was a French film director and a member of the French New Wave group of filmmakers who first came to prominence at the end of the 1950s. Like his colleagues and contemporaries Jean-Luc Godard, Fran\u00e7ois Truffaut, \u00c9ric Rohmer and Jacques Rivette, Chabrol was a critic for the influential film magazine Cahiers du cin\u00e9ma before beginning his career as a film maker.", "screen writer    entity is a French director, also producer, screenwriter, dialogue writer and occasionally actor.", "film    entity is a 1972 American comedy film written by and starring Woody Allen, based on his 1969 Broadway play of the same name. The film was directed by Herbert Ross, instead of Allen, who usually directs his own written work.", "film    entity is a 1972 American drama film, written by Woody Allen. The film was directed by Herbert Ross, which is quite unusual since Woody Allen usually directs all the films for which he wrote the screenplay.", "screen writer    entity is an English novelist. He grew up on the East Kent coast, primarily in Deal, within a model modern family\u2014fractious with \"parental separation, secret illegitimacy, alcoholism and genteel poverty\". Between the ages of six and ten, he was raised in foster care, attended school in Germany for a year, then went on to Grammar School at age eleven. In his eighteenth year, he attended Bristol University to study geography, after which he had any number of jobs\u2014fundraising and teaching, among others, as well as editing for the London Daily Mail.", "screen writer    entity is a British novelist, born May 12, 1944 in Oxford.", "film    entity is a 1963 French-Italian crime drama film directed by Andr\u00e9 Cayatte. It was written by Cayatte, Henri Jeanson and Charles Spaak and stars American actor Anthony Perkins as the protagonist.", "film    entity is a Franco-Italian film directed by Andr\u00e9 Cayatte, released in 1963.", "island    entity is a large peninsula in Western Asia and the westernmost protrusion of the Asian continent. It constitutes the major part of modern-day Turkey. The region is bounded by the Turkish Straits to the northwest, the Black Sea to the north, the Armenian Highlands to the east, the Mediterranean Sea to the south, and the Aegean Sea to the west. The Sea of Marmara forms a connection between the Black and Aegean seas through the Bosporus and Dardanelles straits and separates Anatolia from Thrace on the Balkan peninsula of Southeast Europe.", "island    entity is the peninsula located at the western end of Asia. In the strict geographical sense, it includes the lands located west of a \u00c7oruh-Orontes line, between the Mediterranean, the Sea of \u200b\u200bMarmara and the Black Sea, but today it commonly designates the entire Asian part of Turkey. .", "formula one team    \u062c\u0627\u0626\u0632\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u064a\u0627\u0628\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0628\u0631\u0649 2014 \u200f \u0647\u0648 \u0633\u0628\u0627\u0642 \u0641\u0648\u0631\u0645\u0648\u0644\u0627 1 \u0623\u0642\u064a\u0645 \u0628\u062a\u0627\u0631\u064a\u062e 5 \u0623\u0643\u062a\u0648\u0628\u0631 2014 \u0641\u064a \u062d\u0644\u0628\u0629 \u0633\u0648\u0632\u0648\u0643\u0627\u060c \u0627\u0644\u064a\u0627\u0628\u0627\u0646. \u0643\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u062e\u0627\u0645\u0633 \u0639\u0634\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0623\u0635\u0644 19 \u0641\u064a \u0628\u0637\u0648\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0644\u0645 \u0644\u0633\u0628\u0627\u0642\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0641\u0648\u0631\u0645\u0648\u0644\u0627 \u0648\u0627\u062d\u062f \u0645\u0648\u0633\u0645 2014. \u062d\u0644\u0651 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u064a\u0637\u0627\u0646\u064a \u0644\u0648\u064a\u0633 \u0647\u0627\u0645\u0644\u062a\u0648\u0646 \u0623\u0648\u0644\u0627 \u0628\u064a\u0646\u0645\u0627 \u062c\u0627\u0621 \u0646\u064a\u0643\u0648 \u0631\u0648\u0633\u0628\u064a\u0631\u063a \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0631\u0643\u0632 \u0627\u0644\u062b\u0627\u0646\u064a \u0648\u062d\u0635\u0644 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0631\u0643\u0632 \u0627\u0644\u062b\u0627\u0644\u062b \u0633\u0628\u0627\u0633\u062a\u064a\u0627\u0646 \u0641\u064a\u062a\u0644.", "formula one team    entity is the 912th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950. It is the thirtieth edition of the Japanese Grand Prix counting for the Formula 1 World Championship, the twenty-eighth contested at Suzuka and the fifteenth round of the 2014 championship.", "record label    entity is an American mass media division of ViacomCBS that oversees the operations of many of its television channels and Internet brands. Its related international division is ViacomCBS Networks International.", "record label    entity is a subsidiary of the media conglomerate Viacom. The company was created in 1984 by Warner and American Express. In 1986, Viacom acquired all of entity.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship. It is located north-eastern Poland.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Bielsk Podlaski County, Podlaskie, in northeastern Poland. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b232.06 km2 with a population of 4,906.", "village    entity is a city in the U.S. state of California on the coast of the Pacific Ocean and immediately adjacent to the Mexican border. With a 2020 population of 1,386,932, entity is the eighth most populous city in the United States and second most populous in California . The city is the county seat of entity County, the fifth most populous county in the United States, with 3,338,330 estimated residents as of 2019. The city is known for its mild year-round climate, natural deep-water harbor, extensive beaches and parks, long association with the United States Navy and Marine Corps, and recent emergence as a healthcare and biotechnology development center.", "village    entity is an American city, located in the state of California, on the west coast, near the border with Mexico. With 1,386,932 inhabitants at the 2020 census, it ranks as the eighth most populous city in the country and the second most populous city in the state, behind Los Angeles. The entity, Carlsbad and San Marcos metropolitan area, part of the Southern California megalopolis, has a population of 3,298,634 in 2020, the 17th in the United States. Be", "video game    entity is software featuring a high-level programming language, primarily intended for numerical computations. Octave helps in solving linear and nonlinear problems numerically, and for performing other numerical experiments using a language that is mostly compatible with MATLAB. It may also be used as a batch-oriented language. As part of the GNU Project, it is free software under the terms of the GNU General Public License.", "video game    entity is free computer software comparable to MATLAB and Scilab. It is not computer algebra software. The software is developed and maintained for the GNU Project by John W. Eaton.", "volcano    entity is a Jules Verne novel published in 1878. It deals primarily with the issue of slavery, and the African slave trade by other Africans in particular. Several adaptations were made, two Soviet and one Franco-Spanish.", "volcano    entity is an adventure novel by Jules Verne, published in 1878. The story is essentially devoted to the question of slavery, and more particularly the trade in African slaves by other Africans.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn, within Pruszk\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres south-west of Nadarzyn, 12 km south of Pruszk\u00f3w, and 24 km south-west of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Nadarzyn in Pruszk\u00f3w County and Mazovia Voivodeship. It is located about 5 kilometers southwest of Nadarzyn, 12 kilometers south of Pruszk\u00f3w and 24 kilometers southwest of Warsaw. Poland portal Poland portal", "village    entity is a municipality located in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It is located in the comarca of La Siberia. According to the 2005 census , the municipality has a population of 1269 inhabitants. entity is the birthplace of one of the tallest persons alive in his time, Agustin Luengo , who was born in 1826. Luengo was about 7'8\" tall, or 235cm. entity is located about 2 miles away from the La Serena reservoir, Spain's largest.", "village    entity is a municipality in Spain, in the province of Badajoz, autonomous community of Extremadura. Portal of Extremadura Portal of Extremadura", "musical artist    entity is a Swedish singer-songwriter, producer, a member of the Swedish musical group ABBA, and co-composer of the musicals Chess, Kristina fr\u00e5n Duvem\u00e5la, and Mamma Mia! He co-produced the films Mamma Mia! and Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again with fellow ABBA member and close friend Benny Andersson. He is the oldest member of the group.", "musical artist    entity is a guitarist, singer, songwriter, lyricist and producer. He is best known for being a member of the Swedish band ABBA. Prior to joining ABBA, he was a member of the Swedish folk band Hootenanny Singers. During their 1966 tour, they met the Hep Stars on the road and Bj\u00f6rn quickly became friends with rock band pianist Benny Andersson.", "village    entity is a city in Greenwood County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 72.", "village    entity is located in Greenwood County, Kansas. It had 72 inhabitants at the 2010 census.", "soccer manager    entity is a former professional tennis player from France. He is now a tennis coach.", "soccer manager    entity is a French tennis player and coach, born March 16, 1970 in Casablanca.", "album    entity is a song written by Leon Ren\u00e9 under the pseudonym Jimmie Thomas, and recorded by Bobby Day in 1958. It was Day's biggest hit single, becoming a number two hit on the Billboard Hot 100, and spent one week at the top of the charts in R&B sales. Michael Jackson recorded his own version of the song in 1972, which achieved greater success.", "album    entity is an American song by Bobby Day written and composed by Leon Ren\u00e9 under the pseudonym of Jimmie Thomas and released in 1958. It is ranked both No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs . It was immediately covered by Cliff Richard in December 1958. A version by Michael Jackson from 1972 achieved the same success, reaching No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.", "single    entity is a 1997 American family-science fiction-comedy film, and the third installment in the Honey, I Shrunk the Kids film series. The film marks the directorial debut of cinematographer Dean Cundey and was released through Walt Disney Home Video as a direct-to-home video film. The plot tells the story of inventor Wayne Szalinski as he accidentally shrinks himself, his wife, brother, and sister-in-law with his electromagnetic shrink ray.", "single    entity is an American comedy. Directed by Dean Cundey, the film is the sequel to the adventures of Honey, I Shrunk the Kids. Honey, we were shrunk was released in France on January 8, 2003 on DVD.", "skyscraper    entity is an eclectic neighborhood with modest residential blocks and the NoHo Arts District. Arts in NoHo include the El Portal Theatre as well as many new playhouses, art galleries, sound studios, and the Academy of TV Arts and Sciences. North Hollywood is one of the few subway-accessible neighborhoods in Los Angeles. North Hollywood was established by the Lankershim Ranch Land and Water Company in 1887. It was first named Toluca before being renamed Lankershim in 1896 and finally North Hollywood in 1927.", "skyscraper    entity is a neighborhood in the city of Los Angeles, California located in the San Fernando Valley.", "comics creator    entity was an American pianist, lyricist, and composer of ragtime, jazz, and popular music. In 1921, he and his long-time collaborator Noble Sissle wrote Shuffle Along, one of the first Broadway musicals to be written and directed by African Americans. Blake's compositions included such hits as \"Bandana Days\", \"Charleston Rag\", \"Love Will Find a Way\", \"Memories of You\" and \"I'm Just Wild About Harry\". The 1978 Broadway musical Eubie! showcased his works.", "comics creator    entity was an American composer, pianist and bandleader of ragtime, then jazz. He composed his first piece at only sixteen years old in 1903, the \"Charleston Rag\". Blake devoted himself to ragtime until the early 1920s, after which he became a jazz musician. However, he republished ragtime from the 1940s, as he was recognized as one of the most influential composers of the genre.", "soccer manager    entity is a former Northern Ireland international footballer and is now working in management. He was capped 46 times for his country, and is one of Northern Ireland's top goalscorers, having found the net 12 times at senior level. He also enjoyed a successful club career, scoring 210 goals in the Football League alone, and has enjoyed some success as a manager, including winning promotion to the Football League with Shrewsbury Town in 2004 and taking Reading to the brink of the Premier League in 1995.", "soccer manager    entity is a former footballer from Northern Ireland.", "album    entity is the first solo, and fourth overall, studio album by American singer & actress, Selena Gomez. It was released on July 19, 2013, by Hollywood Records. Gomez began planning the project in 2012, at which time she announced that her band Selena Gomez & the Scene would be taking an indefinite hiatus, and continued work into 2013. With Britney Spears, Taylor Swift and Skrillex as influences on the record, entity is an EDM and electropop album, incorporating elements of dubstep, techno, disco, electro house and worldbeat. Gomez worked with producers such as Rock Mafia and The Cataracs on the album.", "album    entity is the debut solo album by American singer Selena Gomez, and fourth counting those made with Selena Gomez & The Scene. It was released on July 23, 2013 and was promoted with a world tour. Two singles, Come and Get It and Slow Down came from the album. The clip of Come and Get It appeared on the net on May 7, 2013. As for that of Slow Down, it was shot in Paris from May 27 to June 5 and was released on July 20, 2013.", "single    entity is Norway's largest financial services group with total combined assets of more than NOK 1.9 trillion and a market capitalisation NOK 164 billion as of 20 May 2016. DNB's head office is located in Oslo.", "single    DnB NOR", "film    entity is an American flash-animated television series created by Jorge R. Gutierrez and Sandra Equihua for Nickelodeon. It was the first Nicktoon to be animated with Adobe Flash. The first screening of the show was on January 19, 2007, in the first-ever Nickelodeon Creative Summit held in San Juan, Puerto Rico, as a special treat for the 60 exclusive attendees. Later sneak peeks aired on February 19, with the series television debut on March 3, 2007, for both networks. The series finished its original run on September 13, 2008.", "film    entity is an American animated television series in 26 24-minute episodes created by Sandra Equihua and Jorge R. Gutierrez and broadcast from March 3, 2007 to September 13, 2008 on Nickelodeon. In France, the series airs on Nickelodeon France and in Quebec on VRAK.TV.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band Nirvana, written by vocalist and guitarist Kurt Cobain. It appears as the second track on the band's second album, Nevermind, released by DGC Records in September 1991. The album version is the second of two versions of the song that were released in 1991, the earlier of which was recorded in 1990, while the band was still signed to their original record label, Sub Pop. This version was initially released as a music video only, on the Sub Pop Video Network Volume 1 VHS compilation.", "album    entity is a song by grunge band Nirvana, released on the album Nevermind in 1991, then released as the album's fourth and final single the following year.", "album    entity is a development of jazz incorporating strong influences from blues, soul, gospel and rhythm and blues in music for jazz combo, often an organ trio featuring a Hammond organ.", "album    entity is based on repetitive musical phrases and less complex solos than those of hard bop. Soul music was an independent phenomenon.", "comics creator    entity is a Japanese video game console developer and publisher, and formerly a developer and manufacturer of arcade games as well. The company has its headquarters in Chiyoda, Tokyo. Irem is known internationally for three 1980s arcade games: Moon Patrol , the earliest beat 'em up, Kung-Fu Master , and the scrolling shooter R-Type . Irem has been popular in Japan with games like Photoboy for the PC Engine and In the Hunt for arcades.", "comics creator    entity is a Japanese video game development and publishing company, specializing in the design and manufacture of arcade games. Irem is probably best known for their famous flagship shoot 'em up, R-Type.", "comics creator    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey coach and former player. He is the current head coach for the Minnesota Wild of the National Hockey League . Evason was selected by the Washington Capitals in the fifth round of the 1982 NHL Entry Draft. Evason was born in Flin Flon, Manitoba, but grew up in Brandon, Manitoba.", "comics creator    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach. He played in the center position.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the capital of the People's Republic of China. It is the world's most populous national capital city, with over 21 million residents within an administrative area of 16,410.5 km2 . It is located in Northern China, and is governed as a municipality under the direct administration of the State Council with 16 urban, suburban, and rural districts. Beijing is mostly surrounded by Hebei Province with the exception of neighboring Tianjin to the southeast; together, the three divisions form the Jingjinji megalopolis and the national capital region of China.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the capital of the People's Republic of China. Located in the north of the country, the municipality of Beijing, with an area of \u200b\u200b16,800 km2, borders the province of Hebei as well as the municipality of Tianjin.", "single    entity is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialises in road running events, including the marathon. She is a two-time team silver medallist at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships. She has won the Dubai Marathon and Houston Marathon and has a personal best of 2:21:59 hours for the distance.", "single    entity is an Ethiopian athlete specializing in long-distance running.", "mountain    entity is a 1,635-metre-tall mountain in the Allg\u00e4u Alps of Bavaria, Germany. A lower summit of entity is the 1,613-metre-tall Zinken. There is a summit cross on both entity and Zinken.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Allg\u00e4u Alps culminating at 1,635 or 1,636 meters above sea level. Located on the border between Bavaria and Tyrol, it is on a quadripoint formed by the Austrian and German borders. 265 meters southwest of the Sorgschrofen, also on the border, is the Zinken, culminating at 1,613 meters. On each peak is a summit cross.", "film    entity is a 1948 American musical film directed by Billy Wilder and starring Bing Crosby and Joan Fontaine. Written by Wilder and Charles Brackett, the film is about a brash American gramophone salesman in Austria at the turn of the twentieth century who tries to convince Emperor Franz Joseph to buy a gramophone so the product will gain favor with the Austrian people. entity was inspired by a real-life incident involving Franz Joseph I of Austria. Filmed in Jasper National Park in Canada, the picture premiered in London, Los Angeles, and New York in the spring of 1948, and was officially released in the United States July 2, 1948. In 1949, the film received Academy Award nominations for Best Costume Design and Best Music, as well", "film    entity is an American musical by Billy Wilder released in 1948.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the capital and largest city of Ethiopia. It also serves as regional capital of Oromia. According to the 2007 census, the city's population is estimated at 2,739,551 inhabitants. A highly developed and important cultural, artistic and financial centre, Addis Ababa is a chartered city.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the capital of Ethiopia.", "comics creator    entity is an American DJ, record executive, and record producer. Khaled first gained prominence as a radio host in the 1990s on the radio station 99 Jamz, and translated his popularity by working with Terror Squad as a DJ for their live performances. After gaining production credits on the group's material, Khaled released his debut studio album Listennn... the Album in 2006, which earned gold certification. He followed it with We the Best , which contained the top 20 single \"I'm So Hood\". His subsequent two releases \u2014 We Global and Victory \u2014 were released after he founded the record label We the Best Music Group. Both albums charted in the top ten on the US Billboard 200, with the latter conta", "comics creator    entity is an American DJ and producer of Palestinian origin. He is a DJ and host of the radio station WEDR, in Miami, which broadcasts several musical styles. He is also the DJ for Terror Squad. In 2010, he created his own label, We The Best Music, whose most popular artist is Ace Hood. His label was integrated into YMCMB run by Birdman in early 2012.", "album    entity is a song by American band Selena Gomez & the Scene from their third and final studio album When the Sun Goes Down . The song was written by Leah Haywood, Daniel James and Tony Nilsson, while production of the song was handled by Haywood and James under their production name Dreamlab. Musically, entity is a synth-pop and teen pop song. Lyrically, the song speaks about living in the moment and taking risks. An international remixes EP was released on January 20, 2012 for the song's single release. It officially impacted Top 40/Mainstream radio in the U.S. on April 10, 2012. It was released as the third and final single from the album, as well as the final single released by the group to date. It was also the only single released by the group that was excluded from Selena Gomez's 2014 compilation album For You.", "album    entity is a song composed and performed by the American group Selena Gomez & the Scene which is taken from their third album released on June 28, 2011 in the United States and July 4, 2011 in France: When the Sun Goes Down. The music video was released on the Vevo site on November 16, 2011. Selena Gomez said that this song is about everything she misses in life.", "village    entity is a city and the district headquarters of Shimoga district in the central part of the state of Karnataka, India. The city lies on the banks of the Tunga River. Being the gateway for the hilly region of the Western Ghats, the city is popularly nicknamed as \"Gateway of Malnad\" . The population of Shimoga city is 322,650 as per 2011 census. The city has been selected for the Smart Cities project, standing in the fourth position in the state and 25th in the country as of November 2020.", "village    entity is a city located in the state of Karnataka in India.", "screen writer    entity is a list of feature length films of the Tom and Jerry franchise.", "screen writer    entity is a 2010 American animated film directed by Spike Brandt and Jeff Siergey.", "film    entity is a 1968 Metrocolor Cold War era suspense and espionage film directed by John Sturges and starring Rock Hudson, Patrick McGoohan, Ernest Borgnine, and Jim Brown. The screenplay is by Alistair MacLean, Douglas Heyes, Harry Julian Fink, and W. R. Burnett, loosely based on MacLean's 1963 novel. Both have parallels to real-life events that took place in 1959. The film was photographed in Super Panavision 70 and presented in 70 mm Cinerama in premiere engagements. The original music score is by Michel Legrand.", "film    entity is an American film directed by John Sturges in 1968. It is adapted from the eponymous novel by Alistair MacLean.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Romanian singer Inna from her third studio album, Party Never Ends . It was released on 11 October 2012 through Roton and features Romanian trio Play & Win. The track was written by Sebastian Barac, Radu Bolfea, Marcel Botezan and Joddie Connor, while production was handled by the first three under the name of Play & Win. entity is an Arabic and oriental-influenced song encompassing guiar accords and male vocals which complement Inna.", "album    entity is a song by Romanian artist Inna in vocal collaboration with Romanian trio Play & Win released on June 28, 2012. 3rd single taken from Inna's 3rd studio album. The song is written by the 3 Play & Win members: Sebastian Barac, Marcel Botezan, Radu Bolfea and by Inna. INNdia is produced by Play & Win.", "journalist    entity was a Serbian writer, historian, traveller, and pedagogue, considered one of the greatest Serbian academics of the 18th century. He was one of the most notable representatives of Serbian Baroque literature along with Zaharije Orfelin, Pavle Julinac, Vasilije III Petrovi\u0107-Njego\u0161, Simeon Kon\u010darevi\u0107, Simeon Pi\u0161\u010devi\u0107, and others .", "journalist    entity is a Serbian writer, historian and pedagogue. He is a Bulgarian of origin from the settlers of Vidin. He lives and works in Austrian Vojvodina.", "single    Danick_Paquette", "single    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "video game    entity is a side-scrolling platform video game developed by David A. Palmer Productions and published by Activision in May 2001 for the Game Boy Color. Part of the entity series, it was released ten years after the first seven episodes in 1990\u201391. The game follows the titular entity, an eight-year-old child genius, as he journeys through three alien worlds to collect three plasma crystals to prevent the weapon they power, built by several enemies from previous games, from destroying the universe. The game features Keen running, jumping, and shooting through various levels while opposed by aliens, robots, and other hazards.", "video game    entity is a platform video game released in 2001 and runs on Game Boy Color. The game was developed by David A. Palmer Productions then published by Activision. It is the only episode of the entity series not to have been developed by Id Software.", "actor    entity is an American actress. She rose to prominence at the age of seven for her performance as Lucy Dawson in the drama film I Am Sam , for which she received a Screen Actors Guild Award nomination at age eight, making her the youngest nominee in SAG history. Fanning played major roles as a child actress in the films Uptown Girls , The Cat in the Hat , Man on Fire , War of the Worlds , Dreamer , and Charlotte's Web .", "actor    entity is an American actress, born February 23, 1994 in Conyers. She is the sister of actress Elle Fanning.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Topola, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 558 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Topola, district of \u0160umadija. At the 2011 census, it had 508 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a city in Knox County, Missouri, United States, between the North and South Forks of the South Fabius River. As of the 2020 census, its population was 1,012. It is the county seat of Knox County.", "village    entity is the seat of Knox County, located in the state of Missouri, United States. At the 2010 census, it had a population of 1,176. Missouri Portal Missouri Portal", "senator    entity was a Barbadian politician. He served as the inaugural premier of Barbados from 1953 to 1958 and then became the first and only prime minister of the West Indies Federation from 1958 to 1962. He was a founder of the Barbados Labour Party , and he was named in 1998 as one of the National Heroes of Barbados.", "senator    entity is named after him. Barbados Barbados portal", "village    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is \u0141\u0119czyca, which lies 35 kilometres north-west of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The county covers an area of 774 square kilometres . As of 2006 its total population is 53,435, out of which the population of \u0141\u0119czyca is 15,423 and the rural population is 38,012.", "village    entity is a county in the \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship in central Poland.", "film    entity is a 2014 American drama film written by Margaret Nagle and directed by Philippe Falardeau. Filmed in Atlanta, Georgia and South Africa, the film stars Reese Witherspoon, Arnold Oceng, Ger Duany, Emmanuel Jal, and Corey Stoll. It was screened in the Special Presentations section of the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival before being released on October 3, 2014. Another major screening was held by the Greenwich International Film Festival on October 22, 2014, for the benefit of the U.S. Fund for UNICEF.", "film    entity is a 2014 American drama film written by Margaret Nagle and directed by Philippe Falardeau. This film was shot in Atlanta, Georgia and South Africa. He received several awards and nominations, at the 2014 Deauville American Film Festival, at the 2014 Toronto International Film Festival and at the Greenwich International Film Festival on October 22, 2014, for the benefit of the American Fund for UNICEF.", "album    entity is a song written by Eric Carmen. Versions by Euclid Beach Band and then 3T were released as singles.", "album    entity is a 3T song. This song is from their album Brotherhood. The song was originally by Eric Carmen and was released in 1981 by the Euclid Beach Band. The 3T version was released in 1996 and was a big hit in the European charts. Sometimes the band's uncle, Michael Jackson, is credited as a featured artist while his voice is only in the backing vocals.", "record label    entity was an American independent record label founded by Alan and Diana Meltzer in 1997. It was based in New York City and was distributed by BMG Distribution. Wind-up's best-selling artists worldwide were Evanescence.", "record label    entity is an American record label founded by Alan Meltzer and Diana Meltzer in 1997 and based in New York.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Remedy Entertainment and published by Microsoft Studios. The game is a downloadable follow-up and spin-off to its predecessor, Alan Wake. The game is an Xbox 360 title and was released on 22 February 2012 worldwide. A Microsoft Windows version was released on 22 May 2012 in North America, 29 June 2012 in Europe and 15 November 2012 in Australia.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Finnish studio Remedy Entertainment and published by Microsoft Game Studios. The game is billed as a spin-off to the original title and not a direct sequel.", "prefecture    entity is the capital city of entity Governorate, Yemen. It is located at an elevation of about 2000 metres.", "prefecture    entity is a Yemeni city, and the capital of entity Governorate.", "musical artist    entity is a Polish musician, music producer and sound engineer. Donatan along with Teka co-created .", "musical artist    entity is a Polish producer and musician. He will represent Poland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2014 along with singer Cleo with the song My S\u0142 owianie.", "album    entity is the second studio album by the English progressive rock band Camel, released on 1 March 1974. It features songs such as \"The White Rider\", \"Lady Fantasy\", and \"Supertwister\" which includes a showcase for Andrew Latimer's flute. There are five tracks on entity, two over 9 minutes. Those two are multi-part songs: \"Lady Fantasy\" and \"Nimrodel/The Procession/The White Rider\", the latter being about The Lord of the Rings. The album was released on Gama Records/Deram Records. Mick Rock shot the inner sleeve photo.", "album    entity is the second album by British progressive rock band Camel, released in 1974.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve on 18 June 1989. The race, contested over 69 laps, was the sixth race of the 1989 Formula One season and was won by Belgian driver Thierry Boutsen, driving a Williams-Renault, after Ayrton Senna suffered an engine failure in his McLaren-Honda late on. It was Boutsen's first F1 victory, and the first for Williams with Renault engines. Teammate Riccardo Patrese finished second, with Andrea de Cesaris third in a Dallara-Ford.", "formula one team    Results of the 1989 Formula 1 Canadian Grand Prix which took place at the Gilles-Villeneuve circuit on June 18, 1989.", "album    entity was ever officially announced.", "album    entity are an English indie rock band formed in 2006.", "cricketer    entity was a French footballer who played as a defender. He played mainly as a centre back or at left back, and occasionally as a Left Half. He was part of the French national teams of the 1950s. According to France Football in 2007, Lerond was \"of average size, but extremely quick, a great technician, calm and always at the right place. He was a very gifted footballer.\" He captained the France national team 14 times. He died on 8 April 2018 at the age of 87.", "cricketer    entity is a French professional footballer, born on December 6, 1930 in Le Havre in the department of Seine-Maritime. He plays as a defender. He was selected 31 times for the French national team and played 151 matches in Division 1, mainly with Olympique Lyonnais. gifted. \u00bb France-Football, June 12, 2007)", "comics creator    entity was a physician, scientist, professor, and Young Irelander. He fought in the American Civil War, and served as an advisor to the Japanese Meiji government.", "comics creator    entity was a British chemist, physician and geologist who lived much of his life in the United States. -United. He notably participated in the Civil War and was a foreign adviser to Japan during the Meiji era.", "film    entity is a 1991 American romantic comedy-drama film about a young woman who falls for and eventually marries an overbearing older man who proceeds to rub her close-knit family the wrong way, while exposing the dynamics of other family members along the way. It stars Richard Dreyfuss, Holly Hunter, Danny Aiello, Laura San Giacomo and Gena Rowlands and was written by Malia Scotch Marmo and directed by Lasse Hallstr\u00f6m.", "film    entity is a 1991 American film directed by Lasse Hallstr\u00f6m.", "screen writer    entity is an American rapper, songwriter, and record producer. In addition to a solo career, he was a member of the Southern hip hop group Fila Fresh Crew and later collaborated with gangsta rap group N.W.A\u2013where he co-wrote many of their releases\u2013as well as Eazy-E's solo debut album Eazy-Duz-It. He has also worked with Dr. Dre, co-writing his solo debut album, while Dre produced Curry's solo debut album, released by Ruthless Records. He was one of the founders of Death Row Records along with Dr. Dre and Suge Knight.", "screen writer    entity is Tracy Lynn Curry, is an African-American rapper.", "basketball team    entity was a Slovenian ice hockey team from Jesenice that last played in the Austrian Erste Bank Hockey League and the Slovenian Ice Hockey League. They played their home games at the Podme\u017eakla Hall. Throughout its history, the club was regarded as one of the most successful clubs in Slovenian and Yugoslav ice hockey. In September 2012, the club filed for bankruptcy and was dissolved.", "basketball team    entity is an ice hockey club from Jesenice in Slovenia. Since the 2006-2007 season, this club has played in the Austrian Ice Hockey Championship. At the same time, he is involved in the Slovenian Ice Hockey Championship.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger. He played professionally in the National Hockey League for his hometown Edmonton Oilers for seven NHL seasons, and one for the Chicago Blackhawks.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian-Italian professional ice hockey player.", "village    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne and the Basse-Normandie region, populated by 105 inhabitants.", "governmental administrative region    entity is one of the 31 states which, along with Mexico City, comprise the Federal Entities of Mexico. It is divided into 18 municipalities and its capital city is Culiac\u00e1n Rosales.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a federal state of Mexico located on the coast of the Gulf of California. Surrounded by the states of Sonora, Chihuahua, Durango and Nayarit, it occupies an area of \u200b\u200b58,092 km2.", "village    entity is a city in the province of Quebec, Canada. It is the seat of the Mont\u00e9r\u00e9gie administrative region and the central city of the urban agglomeration of entity. It sits on the south shore of the Saint Lawrence River directly across from Montreal. The population as of the Canada 2016 Census totalled 239,700, making it Montreal's second largest suburb, the fifth most populous city in Quebec and twentieth largest in Canada. entity is the seat of the judicial district of entity. Residents of the city are called entitylois.", "village    entity is a city in Quebec, Canada, located on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, facing Montreal. It forms the heart of the entity agglomeration, the most urbanized sector of the Mont\u00e9r\u00e9gie region.", "prefecture    entity is a county of eastern Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefecture-level city of Jiamusi.", "prefecture    entity is an administrative district of Heilongjiang Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Jiamusi.", "album    entity is a song by rock group the Police, released as a single in Europe in September 1981. It was the first single to be released in the United Kingdom from the album Ghost in the Machine and it reached No.\u20092 on the official chart. The song also reached No.\u20095 in Ireland and No.\u200927 in the Netherlands. It was not released as a single in the U.S. In most other territories, \"Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic\" was chosen as the lead single from the LP.", "album    entity is a song by The Police from the 1981 album Ghost in the Machine. Originally named Ghost in the Machine, it was changed because Sting thought it would be too monotonous. entity is the first single from Ghost in the Machine to be released in the UK and found success reaching number two on the Charts, while in other territories, Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic was the first single chosen to promote the album. entity made", "village    entity is a city in southwestern Poland and the largest city in the historical region of Silesia. It lies on the banks of the River Oder in the Silesian Lowlands of Central Europe, roughly 350 kilometres from the Baltic Sea to the north and 40 kilometres from the Sudeten Mountains to the south. The official population of entity in 2020 was 641,928, with a further 1.25 million residing in the metropolitan area.", "village    entity is the fourth largest city in Poland by population, the fifth by area , and one of the oldest .", "album    entity is a song performed by Sonny & Cher and written by Sonny Bono. It was the first single taken from their debut studio album Look at Us. In August 1965, their single spent three weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States where it sold more than 1 million copies and was certified Gold. It also reached number one in the United Kingdom and Canada.", "album    entity is a song by Sonny and Cher released in 1965. It enjoyed great success on both sides of the Atlantic, topping the charts in both the United States and the United Kingdom. It has since been covered in many film soundtracks, including Groundhog Day, by Harold Ramis who brought it back into fashion.", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper, singer, and actor. He is noted for his compositional blending of contemporary and alternative hip hop with rock. Machine Gun Kelly released his fifth album, Tickets to My Downfall, in 2020; it marked a complete departure from hip hop and entry into pop punk. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, the only rock album to do so that year, and contained the single \"My Ex's Best Friend\", which reached number 20 on the Hot 100.", "comics creator    entity is Richard Colson Baker, is an American rapper from Cleveland, Ohio in the United States. His stage name is a reference to his fast flow but also to the criminal Machine Gun Kelly. He rose to fame after making his first four mixtapes: Stamp Of Approval, Homecoming, 100 Words and Running, and Lace Up.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He is the younger brother of Dmitri Mironov.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender. He is the brother of Dmitry Mironov.", "single    entity is a former Major League Baseball catcher and former manager of the Palm Beach Cardinals of the Florida State League in the St. Louis Cardinals minor league system. A product of Cabrillo College in Aptos, California, Bilardello has managed Cardinals minor league affiliates since 2010.", "single    entity was a catcher who played in Major League Baseball from 1983 to 1992.", "album    entity is the second compilation album by Swedish house music supergroup Swedish House Mafia. The album was released on 19 October 2012 to mixed reviews by music critics who praised its singles and the rework of Coldplay's \"Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall\", but deemed the record to be more suited for live play than home listening. After the album was released, the trio announced that they would split up to continue with their separate projects. The album cover features a negative photo of Axwell, Ingrosso and Angello. The album contains 4 singles: \"Save the World\", \"Antidote\", \"Greyhound\" and \"Don't You Worry Child\", the latter of which went on to became the group's signature song and biggest hit single to date.", "album    entity is the second compilation album by Swedish DJ group Swedish House Mafia, released on October 22, 2012 under the Polydor label. The album is made up of 22 house-style tracks. This is the band's last album.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball pitcher.", "soccer manager    entity is a left-handed baseball relief pitcher. He has been playing in the Major League since 1996 and is currently a free agent.", "screen writer    entity is an improviser and composer of electroacoustic music based in Rives, Is\u732bre, France. He also runs the record label and record distributor and writes in the French magazine . He features on the album Secret Curve by Ron Anderson's PAK on John Zorn's Tzadik label.", "screen writer    entity is a composer and improviser of electroacoustic music born in Marseille on April 25, 1966", "album    entity is a song by French music producer and DJ Bob Sinclar, featuring Steve Edwards. It was released as the second single from Sinclar's Western Dream album, on 17 April 2006. Following its release, the song reached number one in Hungary and Romania, peaked at number nine on the UK Singles Chart, and became a top-10 hit in 10 other European countries, including Sinclar's native France, where it peaked at number two. On the US Billboard Dance Club Songs chart, the track reached number one in July 2006.", "album    entity is a song by Bob Sinclar from the album Western Dream in which Steve Edwards sings. The single has sold over 2.5 million copies worldwide.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, \u8241\u8d38d\u85d5 Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres south-west of Drzewica, 13 km north-east of Opoczno, and 79 km south-east of the regional capital \u8241\u8d38d\u85d5.", "village    entity is a village in the gmina of Drzewica, Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band Green Day. The song was a previously unreleased track from the Dookie sessions but it was later featured on the soundtrack to the movie Angus in 1995. The acronym stands for 'Jason Andrew Relva', a childhood friend of Green Day bassist Mike Dirnt. Jason Relva was born on November 16, 1972 and died at the age of 19 on April 18, 1992 as the result of injuries sustained from a car accident. Mike Dirnt wrote the song in remembrance of him.In August 1995, the song reached number one on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart and spent 16 weeks on it. This song was worked on during the Dookie demo, but later removed on final track. The song peaked at number 22 on the Hot 100 Airplay chart.", "album    entity is a single by Californian punk rock band Green Day. Jason Andrew Relva was a childhood friend of the band's bassist, Mike Dirnt, who died on April 18, 1992 aged 19 following a car accident. Mike Dirnt wrote the song in memory of his friend. The song reached No. 1 on Billboard magazine's Modern Rock Tracks chart on August 26, 1995. The song appears in the ending credits of the film Angus.", "ice hockey league    entity is the top men's division of the French ice hockey pyramid, established in 1906. The league operated under a variety of names before taking that of its championship trophy, the Magnus Cup, in 2004. The trophy was in turn named for Frenchman and IIHF founder Louis Magnus.", "ice hockey league    entity is the highest French level of ice hockey; it was created in the 1906\u201307 season. The winners of the championship receive the Magnus Cup. The level of play in this league is generally considered to be intermediate.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American singer and songwriter Tori Amos. Preceded by the first single, \"Caught a Lite Sneeze\", by three weeks, the album was released on January 22, 1996, in the United Kingdom, on January 23 in the United States, and on January 29 in Australia. Despite the album being Amos's least radio friendly material to date, entity debuted at number two on both the US Billboard 200 and the UK Albums Chart, making it her biggest simultaneous transatlantic debut, her first Billboard top 10 debut, and the highest-charting US debut of her career to date.", "album    entity is the third studio album by singer-songwriter Tori Amos. Preceded by the release of lead single \"Caught A lite Sneeze\" three weeks prior, the album was released on January 22, 1996 in the UK and the following day in the US.", "tennis player    entity is a Latvian professional ice hockey coach and former goaltender. Born during the Soviet era, Irbe played for various Soviet league teams and the Soviet Union national team before moving to North America in 1991. Irbe played in the National Hockey League for the San Jose Sharks, Dallas Stars, Vancouver Canucks and Carolina Hurricanes. In 2004 Irbe returned to Europe to play until he retired in 2007. He has served as a goaltending coach with Dinamo Riga, the Washington Capitals and the Buffalo Sabres, as well as internationally with the Latvia men's national ice hockey team.", "tennis player    entity is a Latvian professional ice hockey player, playing as a goalkeeper.", "album    entity is the first full-length live album by Scottish alternative rock band Biffy Clyro, released on 27 June 2011 on 14th Floor Records. The album was recorded live on 4 December 2010 at the Wembley Arena date of their UK tour.", "album    entity is the debut live album by Scottish alternative rock band Biffy Clyro, released on June 27, 2011, by 14th Floor Records. It is recorded during the concert of December 4, 2010 at Wembley", "member of parliament    entity was a Zambian politician who was the fifth president of Zambia, from 23 September 2011 until his death on 28 October 2014. A social democrat, he led the Patriotic Front , a major political party in Zambia. Under President Frederick Chiluba, Sata was a minister during the 1990s as part of the Movement for Multiparty Democracy government. He went into opposition in 2001, forming the PF. As an opposition leader, Sata \u2013 popularly known as \"King Cobra\" \u2013 emerged as the leading opposition presidential contender and rival to President Levy Mwanawasa in the 2006 presidential election, but was defeated. Following Mwanawasa's death, Sata ran again and lost to President Rupiah Banda in 2008.", "member of parliament    entity is a Zambian politician, leader of the Patriotic Front. He was President of the Republic of Zambia from September 23, 2011 to October 28, 2014.", "album    entity is an American post-rock band from Texas. The quartet originally played under the name Breaker Morant, then changed to the current name in 1999. The band has garnered popularity beyond the post-rock scene for their elaborately developed guitar work, narratively styled instrumentals\u2014what they refer to as \"cathartic mini-symphonies\"\u2014and their enthusiastic and emotional live shows. They primarily play with three electric guitars and a drum kit, although band member Michael James will at times exchange his electric guitar for a bass guitar. The band has later added a fifth member to their live performances. The band's music is almost purely instrumental.", "album    entity is an American post-rock band. The band is on the Temporary Residence Limited label which signed them after only listening to half of their demo. This had been sent to them by someone close to the group, so that its members only knew about it when they were contacted by the label.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball first baseman and designated hitter. In his Major League Baseball career, which began in 1995, Giambi played for the Oakland Athletics, New York Yankees, Colorado Rockies, and Cleveland Indians. He is the older brother of former MLB player Jeremy Giambi. Giambi has publicly apologized for using performance-enhancing drugs during his career.", "soccer manager    entity is a first baseman and designated hitter for the Cleveland Indians of Major League Baseball. He has been playing in the majors since 1995 and played with the Oakland Athletics, New York Yankees and Colorado Rockies before joining the Indians. At 43, in 2014 he was the oldest active player in the majors.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, from their second UK album With the Beatles . It was written by Paul McCartney , and produced by George Martin. Though not officially released as a single in the United Kingdom or the United States, the song drew considerable radio airplay, prompting EMI to issue it as the title track of an EP. The song was released as a single in Canada, where it became a number one hit. The Canadian single was imported into the US in enough quantities to peak at number 45 on the US Billboard Hot 100 in April 1964.", "album    entity is a Beatles song written in 1963 by Paul McCartney, although credited to Lennon/McCartney. The circumstances of the composition are unclear, but it is certain that McCartney wrote the lyrics before the music, which is unusual for him.", "album    entity is a live album by Neil Young and Crazy Horse, recorded during their fall 1978 Rust Never Sleeps tour. entity composed of performances recorded at several venues, including the Cow Palace near San Francisco. Young also directed a companion film, Rust Never Sleeps, under a pseudonym \"Bernard Shakey\", which consisted of footage from the Cow Palace.", "album    entity is a live album by Neil Young and Crazy Horse released in 1979.", "village    Tuczno Trzecie est un village de Pologne, situ\u00e9 dans la gmina de Tuczno, dans le powiat de Wa\u0142cz, dans la vo\u00efvodie de Pom\u00e9ranie occidentale.", "village    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Tuczno, in the powiat of Wa\u0142cz , in the voivodeship of Western Pomerania.", "musical artist    entity is a Swedish singer, record producer and DJ. He began producing music under the stage name \"Basshunter\" in 2001.", "musical artist    entity is a Swedish producer, songwriter, disc jockey and singer. He is best known for his hit tracks such as Boten Anna, Dota, Now You're Gone, All I Ever Wanted, Russia privjet Since his debut, Basshunter has released a total of six albums.", "comics creator    entity is primarily remembered for its meticulous depiction of social reality, partition and feminism. He won the National Film Award's Rajat Kamal Award for Best Story in 1974 for his Jukti Takko Aar Gappo and Best Director's Award from Bangladesh Cine Journalist's Association for Titash Ekti Nadir Naam. The Government of India honoured him with the Padma Shri for Arts in 1970.", "comics creator    entity is certainly less known than them in the West, he remains their equal from an artistic point of view.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilcz\u0119ta, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres north-east of Wilcz\u0119ta, 22 km south of Braniewo, and 60 km north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany . The village has a population of 104.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in the Braniewo County.", "military person    entity was a French soldier and Austrian infantry commander during the French Revolutionary Wars. He was mortally wounded at the Battle of Pozzolo on Christmas Day 1800, but did not die until several weeks later. He was born in Gengenbach and died in Udine.", "military person    entity is an Austrian general officer in the service of the kingdom of France then of the Habsburg monarchy, born according to the sources in 1731 in Offenburg or in 1737 in Gengenbach and died on February 16, 1801 in Udine, Italy. First a soldier in the French army, he joined the Austrian army in 1770 with the rank of major and gradually rose through the ranks of the military hierarchy. Commanding an infantry regiment at the start of the French Revolutionary Wars, he", "screen writer    entity is an American actor and producer. He first came to attention in 1997 for his role as Michael Fitzgerald in the television crime drama series Cracker. He made his feature film debut in 1998 in the slasher film Halloween H20: 20 Years Later, followed by teen roles in films such as the sci-fi horror film The Faculty and the drama The Virgin Suicides . Hartnett had starring roles in the war film Pearl Harbor, the drama O, the war film Black Hawk Down , the romantic comedy 40 Days and 40 Nights , the crime thriller Lucky Number Slevin , and other films.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor and producer, born July 21, 1978 in Saint Paul.", "musical artist    entity is a Danish rock musician and songwriter. As a vocalist, he is known for his powerful and wide-ranging singing voice, in particular his far-reaching falsetto screams. He is the lead vocalist and lyricist for both Mercyful Fate and the eponymous King Diamond. He also plays keyboards and guitars on studio recordings but uses live shows to focus solely on his vocal performance. Diamond is renowned for his dark lyrical content and his story concepts. He is also known for his distinctive shock stage persona . He remains a huge influence on many rock and metal artists, including Metallica, Slayer and Cradle of Filth.", "musical artist    entity is a Danish metal singer and musician. Known for his performances with Mercyful Fate. He began a solo career after the band broke up, in a less thrash, rather heavy register.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by singer and songwriter Tom Waits, released on September 5, 1978 on Asylum Records. It was recorded over the course of six sessions from July to August 1978 with producer Bones Howe. Rickie Lee Jones is pictured with Waits on the back cover.", "album    entity is an album by Tom Waits released in 1978 on the Asylum Records label.", "village    entity is a commune in the Puy-de-D\u00f4me department in Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes in central France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Puy-de-D\u00f4me in the region of Auvergne. entity is part of the urban area of \u200b\u200bClermont-Ferrand. Its inhabitants are called Mazayais and Mazayaises.", "film    entity is a 2015 animated dystopian steampunk adventure film co-directed by and , co-written by Ekinci and , and starring Marion Cotillard. It depicts an alternate dystopian steampunk world with a visual style based on the work of French cartoonist Jacques Tardi.", "film    entity is a French-Belgian-Canadian animated film directed by Franck Ekinci and Christian Desmares and released in 2015. It is an adventure film set in an uchronic and dystopian steampunk universe. The graphic universe was designed by the French cartoonist and scriptwriter Jacques Tardi. The film won the Cristal for best feature film at the Annecy International Animation Film Festival the same year.", "screen writer    entity is Born , and Cat on a Hot Tin Roof . He worked for RKO and MGM , but most of his notable work was for Warner Bros.", "screen writer    entity is a Canadian actor born in Carman , October 27, 1910 and died January 2, 1963 in Encino, United States. He rests at Forest Lawn Glendale in Los Angeles.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by English band King Crimson, released in December 1971 on the record label Island. entity is the only studio album to feature the 1971-1972 touring line-up of Robert Fripp, Mel Collins, Boz Burrell and Ian Wallace. This would be the last album before an entirely new group would record the trilogy of Larks' Tongues in Aspic, Starless and Bible Black and Red between 1973-1974. This is also the last album to feature the lyrics of co-founding member Peter Sinfield. The album received a mixed response from critics.", "disease    entity is the fourth album by King Crimson, released in late 1971. Vocalist/bassist Gordon Haskell and drummer Andy McCulloch, having left the band after the release of Lizard, were replaced by ex-Tea Times Four and The Boz respectively. People, Boz Burrell and Ian Wallace, ex-Warriors of Jon Anderson.", "album    entity is a German progressive metal band, based in Kaiserslautern and founded in the mid-1980s.", "album    entity is a progressive metal band from Kaiserslautern, Germany that has been active since the mid-1980s. The band takes its name from a Dutch car designer.", "village    entity is a railway station serving Via Rail trains running between Toronto and Windsor. The station also serves the nearby towns of Paris and Simcoe.", "village    entity is served by Via Rail Canada.", "president    entity was President of Ecuador from February 6, 1997 to February 9, 1997 and from February 11, 1997 to August 10, 1998.", "president    Fabi\u00e1n Ernesto Alarc\u00f3n Rivera, born April 14, 1947 in Quito, Ecuador, served as interim President of Ecuador from February 6, 1997 to February 9, 1997 and from February 11, 1997 to August 10, 1998.", "actor    entity is a French singer and songwriter. Mainly known for singing melancholic sentimental ballads, Hardy has been an important figure in French pop music since her debut, spanning a career of more than fifty years with over thirty studio albums released. She rose to prominence in the early 1960s as a leading figure of the y\u00e9-y\u00e9 wave, a genre of pop music and associated youth culture phenomenon that adapted to French the pop and rock styles that came from the United States and the United Kingdom. The singer differentiated herself from her peers by writing her own material, a rare feat in an industry dominated by older, male composers and producers. France's most exportable female singer of the era, Har", "actor    entity is a French singer. Singer-songwriter, she began in the musical world at 18 and met with immediate success. After performing for six years on stage, she abandoned this aspect of the profession and, since then, has pursued a career essentially in recordings.", "musical    entity were a rotating collective of experimental Black music artists active during the late 1990s and early 2000s. Members of the collective included singer and multi-instrumentalist D'Angelo, drummer and producer Ahmir \"Questlove\" Thompson, producer J Dilla, singer-songwriter Erykah Badu, trumpeter Roy Hargrove, keyboardist James Poyser, singer Bilal, bassist Pino Palladino, rapper-producers Q-Tip and Mos Def, and rappers Talib Kweli and Common. Prior to its formation, Q-Tip, Common, Mos Def, and Talib Kweli were members of the Native Tongues collective.", "musical    entity is an American hip-hop and neo soul collective whose members hail from Philadelphia, Detroit, Richmond, Chicago, Dallas, and Oakland. The collective formed in the late 1990s, producing a high number of critically acclaimed albums. Previously, entity Common, Blackstar, and Q-Tip were members of Native Tongues Posse.", "film    entity is a 1996 American dramatic crime thriller film directed by Phil Joanou and starring Alec Baldwin, Kelly Lynch, Mary Stuart Masterson, Teri Hatcher and Eric Roberts. It is based on a Dave Robicheaux homonymous novel by James Lee Burke. Harley Peyton and Scott Frank wrote the screenplay. The film was followed by In the Electric Mist , starring Tommy Lee Jones as Dave Robicheaux. In the sequel, Robicheaux still lives in Louisiana and has come out of retirement as an Iberia Parish sheriff's detective.", "film    entity is a 1996 American film directed by Phil Joanou.", "soccer manager    entity is a former Swiss ice hockey player. He played in the National League A for HC Fribourg-Gott\u8305ron, HC Lugano, ZSC Lions and Gen\u732bve-Servette HC. He also played for the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team at the 1988 and 1992 Olympics, as well as the 1987 World Ice Hockey Championships.", "soccer manager    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is the first remix album by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, released on 23 November 1992.", "album    entity is the first album of remixes by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, released in 1992, shortly after the end of the exploitation of the album L'Autre.... It will sell 300,000 copies. More than a simple compilation, the album, consisting of two CDs in its French version, brings together the remixes of fifteen singles by the singer from 1986 to 1992 from the albums Cendres de lune, So be I..., In concert and L 'Other....", "album    entity is the debut solo studio album by American singer Gwen Stefani. It was released on November 12, 2004, by Interscope Records. Stefani, who had previously released five studio albums as lead singer of the rock band No Doubt, began recording solo material in early 2003. She began working on entity as a side project that would become a full album after No Doubt went on hiatus. Stefani co-wrote every song on the album, collaborating with various songwriters and producers including Andr\u00e9 3000, Dallas Austin, Dr. Dre, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, the Neptunes and Linda Perry. The album also features guest appearances by Eve and Andr\u00e9 3000.", "album    entity is the first solo album by Gwen Stefani, lead singer of No Doubt.", "soccer manager    entity was an American professional ice hockey center who played eight seasons in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks. He won the Calder Memorial Trophy as the league's top rookie for the 1937\u201338 season and won the Stanley Cup in the same season. He played 342 career NHL games, scoring 88 goals and 118 assists for 206 points. In 1973 he was elected to the United States Hockey Hall of Fame.", "soccer manager    entity was an American professional ice hockey player of the first half of the 20th century.", "village    entity is a commune in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales department in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called Cabanassiens.", "screen writer    entity is a French film director and screenwriter. His third directed film, La Vie en rose, was one of the only French cinema films to win two Academy Awards, including the first acting Oscar in the French language.", "screen writer    entity is a French director and screenwriter.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by British alternative rock band the Cure, released in May 1987. The album helped bring the Cure into the American mainstream, becoming the band's first album to reach the top 40 of the Billboard 200 chart . It was also a great international success, as was its predecessor, The Head on the Door, reaching the top 10 in numerous countries. In 2000, the album was voted number 256 in Colin Larkin's All Time Top 1000 Albums.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by The Cure released in 1987, it is a double album in its vinyl version. It was recorded in the south of France at the Miraval studio. The title Just Like Heaven was first an instrumental composed to serve as the theme song for the program Les Enfants du rock. previous album The Head on the Door.", "album    entity is the debut solo studio album by English musician John Entwistle, released in May 1971 by Track Records in the UK and Decca Records in the US. entity was the first solo album by any member of rock band the Who, born out of Entwistle's frustrations within the band, namely not having as many of his songs featured on their albums as he would've liked, and it features a guest appearance by the Who's drummer Keith Moon on one track \"), as well as strong musical influences from the band's work.", "album    entity is the first solo album by John Entwistle, bassist, singer and horn player of the British band The Who, released in 1971. Its strange cover looks like some kind of Egyptian sarcophagus, but it is actually Entwistle with a funeral mask, looking through a chest x-ray, a parody of the anti-cigarette advertisements of the time.", "village    entity is a commune in the Puy-de-D\u00f4me department in Auvergne in central France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Puy-de-D\u00f4me, in the Auvergne region.", "village    entity is a municipality in the district of Sissach in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.", "village    entity is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Basel-Country, located in the district of Sissach.", "village    entity is a railway station located in the commune of entity-sur-Somme in the Somme department, France. The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains .", "village    entity is a French railway station on the Longueau line in Boulogne-Ville, located near the town center of the town of Hangest-sur- Somme in the Somme department in the Picardy region. It was commissioned in 1847 by the Compagnie du chemin de fer d'Amiens \u00e0 Boulogne before becoming a station of the Compagnie des chemins de fer du Nord, then being integrated into the network of the National Roads Company", "album    entity is Kalafina's fourth single, featuring Wakana, Keiko and Hikaru. The single was released on March 4, 2009. The song was used as the closing theme to the anime television series Black Butler starting with episode 14. The single was also available as a limited edition release, containing a bonus DVD.", "album    entity is the 4th single by Kalafina released under the Sony Music Entertainment Japan label on March 4, 2009 in Japan. It reached #14 in the Oricon chart. It sold 10,456 copies in the first week, and remained listed for 7 weeks for a total of 17,676 copies sold. Single with the 3 singers, Keiko Kubota, Wakana \u014d taki and Hikaru Masai. It is released in CD and CD+DVD format. entity was used as the end credits of episode 14 of the Black Butler anime.", "video game    entity is an overhead-view vehicular combat game developed by Data East and originally released in Japan as Burnin' Rubber . The arcade version was available as both a dedicated board and as part of Data East's DECO Cassette System. It was distributed in North America by Bally Midway. The goal is to drive to the end of a level while bumping enemy vehicles into the sides of the track and jumping over large obstacles such as bodies of water.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Data East, released in 1982 on an arcade machine. It was adapted on the Atari 2600, Commodore 64, Intellivision in 1983, Colecovision in 1984 and NES in 1986 consoles. It is a car racing game in top view where the player must complete the course while avoiding to be tackled by the other cars on the side. In addition, the player encounters obstacles that cannot be circumvented, such as streams.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Riga, Latvia. It is a member of the Kontinental Hockey League. entity is one of the five KHL teams that are not located in the Russian Federation. The club has an affiliated club HK R\u012bga, which plays in the MHL. The club was re-founded on 7 April 2008 as a successor of a former hockey team , which was founded in 1946, but ceased to exist in 1995. Since being re-established, entity plays their home games at the Ar\u0113na R\u012bga, which can accommodate attendance of 10,300 spectators.", "sports league    entity is an ice hockey club from Riga, Latvia. He plays in the KHL. A previous organization carried this name from 1946 to 1996.", "vice president    entity is credited with the global expansion of McDonald's, turning it into the most successful fast food corporation in the world. Due to the company's growth under Kroc, he has also been referred to as the founder of the McDonald's Corporation. After retiring from McDonald's, he owned the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball from 1974 until his death in 1984.", "vice president    entity is a pianist, then a salesman, who became the hamburger billionaire when he bought the McDonald's chain at the age of 58 in 1961 from the two brothers Richard and Maurice McDonald.", "politician    entity is a French politician. He is member of the Senate of France, representing the department of Pyr\u8305n\u8305es-Orientales as well as the president of the Urban Community of Mediterranean Perpignan. An engineer by profession, he was a member of the Union for French Democracy and then the Union for a Popular Movement. His parents, Paul and Jacqueline Alduy, also served as senators of France.", "politician    entity is a French politician. Member of the UDF, the UMP then the UDI, he was mayor of Perpignan and senator of the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales; he was president of the Perpignan M\u00e9diterran\u00e9e urban community.", "album    entity is a song written and recorded by French electronic music duo Daft Punk for their fourth studio album, Random Access Memories. It is the opening track on the album. The song features lyrics performed by Daft Punk using vocoders. entity also includes guitar work by Nile Rodgers and Paul Jackson, Jr., drums by John \"J.R.\" Robinson and keyboards by Chilly Gonzales. The song was distributed to radio stations on 31 January 2014 as the album's fifth overall single and the final single from the album in 2014. Prior to this, it charted in France, Sweden, Switzerland, the United States and the United Kingdom.", "album    entity is a song by French electronic music group Daft Punk. It is the fifth single from the album Random Access Memories released in 2014. Nile Rodgers and Paul Jackson, Jr. participated in this song by playing guitar.", "video game    entity is a snowboarding video game, the second game in the SSX series published under the EA Sports BIG label and developed by EA Canada. A direct sequel to SSX, the game was released in 2001 for PlayStation 2, GameCube and Xbox and was later ported to the Game Boy Advance in October 2002.", "video game    entity is a sports video game released in 2001 for GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox and Game Boy Advance.", "soccer player    entity is a Moldovan professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sf\u00e2ntul Gheorghe.", "soccer player    entity is a Moldovan international footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper. His older brother Valeriu is a weightlifter.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo . Constituting the financial and administrative centre of the country, it is located on the north side of the Congo River, opposite Kinshasa, the capital city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . In 2013, entity was designated a City of Music by UNESCO; since then it has also been a member of the Creative Cities Network.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the political and administrative capital of the Republic of Congo. It is located in southern Congo, on the banks of the Congo River, on the north shore of Pool Malebo opposite Kinshasa, capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The city was founded on October 3, 1880 on the site of the old pre-colonial towns generally designated by the name of Nkuna, the main ones of which were Mpila and Mfa, or Mfoa.", "single    entity is a British rower, and is the brother of fellow rower Peter Chambers. At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London he was part of the British crew that won the silver medal in the lightweight men's four.", "single    entity is a British rower. He is the brother of rower Peter Chambers.", "film    entity is a 1965 French short comedy film directed by Claude Berri. It won an Oscar in 1966 for Best Short Subject.", "film    entity is a French short film by Claude Berri, one of his first films, which was awarded the Oscar for best fiction short film in 1966. The story tells of a little boy's attachment to a chicken: to save him the pot, he decides to make his parents believe that he is laying eggs. The screenplay is taken from a true story, a paragraph read by Claude Berri in the press. The film is starring Jacques Marin, Viviane Bourdonneux and Martin Serre.", "comics creator    entity is a British lyricist, poet, author, composer, vocalist and illustrator based in Tokyo, Japan, and New York City, United States. He has collaborated with an extensive array of musicians and artists, though he is especially known for his work with Yellow Magic Orchestra and the poet Shuntar\u014d Tanikawa. His interactive audio-visual album Equasian, featuring an experimentation with \"VISIC\" , melded his scientific background into a musical framework, and his Oracles of Distraction, a set of poetic cards set to musical coordinates, further expanded his lyrical idiom.", "comics creator    entity is a British singer-songwriter and illustrator, living in Tokyo, Japan and Boulder, Colorado. Chris has worked with many Japanese artists and musicians but most notably Yellow Magic Orchestra and poet Shuntar\u014d Tanikawa. Chris wrote Behind The Mask for Eric Clapton, Greg Philliganes and Michael Jackson.", "prefecture    entity is a prefecture-level city located along the northeastern coast of Fujian province, People's Republic of China. It borders the provincial capital of Fuzhou to the south, Wenzhou to the north, and Nanping to the west. Ningde is listed No.2 in China Integrated City Index 2016's environmental ranking, a study conducted by the National Development and Reform Commission.", "prefecture    entity is a city in northeast China's Fujian Province.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a landlocked province of the People's Republic of China, part of the South Central China region. Located in the middle reaches of the Yangtze watershed, it borders the province-level divisions of Hubei to the north, Jiangxi to the east, Guangdong and Guangxi to the south, Guizhou to the west and Chongqing to the northwest. Its capital and largest city is Changsha, which also abuts the Xiang River. With a population of just over 67 million as of 2014 residing in an area of approximately 210,000 km2 , it is China's 7th most populous province and the 10th most extensive province by area. Its 2020 nominal GDP was more than US$600 billion, appearing in the top 30 largest sub-national economies in the world with its PPP GDP being over US$1", "governmental administrative region    entity is a Chinese province in the interior of China. Its capital is Changsha.", "disease    entity is the debut full-length album by Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom, released in 1997 in Finland, and in 1998 worldwide. Upon release, the album was met with universal acclaim by music critics. In 2020, it was named one of the 20 best metal albums of 1997 by Metal Hammer magazine.", "disease    entity is the debut album by melodic death/power metal band Children of Bodom, released in 1997. The album features a darker, more experimental sound than later albums, which added to the infamous debate about the band's genre. . The album was a huge hit in the Finnish underground metal scene and the Finnish scene in general, ranking at the top of the charts in the country.", "musical artist    entity is a French singer-songwriter and composer. He has released three albums to date and has a number of successful singles in France, Belgium and Switzerland.", "musical artist    entity is a French singer-songwriter revealed through the My Major Company website. His first album Toi + moi has 12 tracks, four of which were singles.", "screen writer    entity was a French actor, writer, director and sculptor. He performed in over 100 films and was the muse and lover of acclaimed director Jean Cocteau. In 1996, he was awarded the French Legion of Honor for his contributions to French Cinema.", "screen writer    entity is also a director, writer, painter, sculptor, potter and stuntman. In 1993, Jean Marais received an honorary C\u00e9sar.", "manga    entity is a 1986 Japanese animated martial arts fantasy adventure film and the first alternate continuity in a series of feature films in the Dragon Ball anime franchise, based on the manga of the same name by Akira Toriyama. The film is a modified adaptation of the initial story arc in the manga, with the original character King Gurumes substituting Emperor Pilaf's role as the main antagonist. Like in the manga, it depicts how Goku meets up with Bulma, as well as Oolong, Yamcha, Puar and finally Master Roshi during his f", "manga    entity is a Japanese animated film directed by Daisuke Nishio, released in December 1986. It is the very first film based on the manga Dragon Ball.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played 11 games in the National Hockey League with the Phoenix Coyotes and Carolina Hurricanes between 2001 and 2003. The rest of his career, which lasted from 1999 to 2013, was spent in the minor leagues or in Europe.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player playing as a goaltender. He was selected in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft, 14th overall, by the Phoenix Coyotes.", "screen writer    entity was an American screen, stage and vaudeville actor and film director. As a director he made films in virtually all genres, including westerns, musicals, comedies, gangster films, and crime dramas. He was one of the directors at Warner Bros. in the 1930s who helped give that studio its reputation for gritty, fast-paced \"torn from the headlines\" action films. And, in directing Warner Bros.' 42nd Street, he joined the movie's song-and-dance-number director, Busby Berkeley, in contributing to \"an instant and enduring classic transformed the musical genre.\"", "screen writer    entity was an American actor and director.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band The Cure. Co-produced by Mike Hedges and the band's Robert Smith, it was released as a single from the band's second album Seventeen Seconds on 28 March 1980. It was their debut entry on the UK Singles Chart, reaching number 31. The accompanying music video was first shown on BBC's Top of the Pops programme on 24 April 1980.", "album    entity is a song by The Cure composed primarily by Robert Smith. It was released as a single by Fiction Records on April 8, 1980 with Another Journey by Train on the B side, then on the album Seventeen Seconds. entity was the group's first real success, first in the United Kingdom where it entered the the Top 40, then all over the world. Despite its extreme simplicity, it has now become one of The Cure's best-known tunes.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Ciechan\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Opinog\u00f3ra G\u00f3rna, which lies approximately 7 kilometres north-east of Ciechan\u00f3w and 79 km north of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 139.76 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 5,980 .", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Ciechan\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its administrative seat is the village of entity, which lies about 7 kilometers northeast of Ciechan\u00f3w, the seat of the powiat, and 89 kilometers north of Warsaw, the capital of Poland. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b139, 76 km2 for a population of 5,980 inhabitants in 2006.", "actor    entity is an English singer, songwriter and actress. She has recorded music under various aliases, most famously as Natalia Kills and Verbalicious. She is currently the lead vocalist of the band Cruel Youth, which also releases music under the name The Powder Room. In March 2015, Sinclair and her husband, Willy Moon, were fired as judges from New Zealand X Factor for their comments towards one of the contestants.", "actor    entity is a British singer-songwriter and actress of Afro-Jamaican-Uruguayan descent. Born and raised in Bradford, UK, she began her acting career at the age of nine and seven years later landed a recurring role on the television series All About Me.", "scientist    entity was a Swiss physicist who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1920 in recognition of the service he had rendered to precision measurements in physics by his discovery of anomalies in nickel steel alloys. In 1919, he gave the fifth Guthrie Lecture at the Institute of Physics in London with the title \"The Anomaly of the Nickel-Steels\".", "scientist    entity is a Swiss physicist. He was awarded the 1920 Nobel Prize in Physics \u201cin recognition of the service he has rendered in metrology by discovering anomalies in nickel steels\u201d.", "music genre    entity is a genre of reggae that mixes reggae or dancehall with other genres, such as pop, rock, hip hop, R&B, jazz, funk and drum and bass.", "music genre    entity is a fusion music genre of reggae that mixes reggae-dancehall with other genres, such as pop, rock, R&B, jazz.In addition to characterizing the fusions of reggae music with other genres, the term is used to describe artists who frequently switch between reggae and other genres including Hip-Hop, such as Kardinal Offishall, Sean Kingston, Chux Starr and Heavy D. The term is also used to describe artists who are known for Deejay on d", "noble    entity is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr, who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale and his long-time associate, Scotland Yard's Chief Inspector Humphrey Masters.", "noble    entity is an American crime novel by John Dickson Carr published in 1944, under the pseudonym of Carter Dickson. This is the 15th novel in the series featuring the character of Sir Henry Merrivale. The story offers a clever enigma in a closed room.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor.", "screen writer    entity was an American film actor whose career began in silent cinema. He was born in Chicago, Illinois to French and Irish parents. He was married to actress Vilma Banky from 1927 until her death. Rod also has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.", "album    entity is an American melodic death metal band from the northwest suburbs of Chicago, Illinois; The members met and began writing materials in 2008, eventually signing to Century Media Records on 14 December 2012 and releasing Fires of Life on 16 May 2013. The band has incorporated many different musical styles, leading critics and fans to label them as melodic death metal, power metal, thrash metal, and symphonic black metal.", "album    entity is an American melodic death metal band from Chicago.", "comics creator    entity is an honor bestowed by the President of the United States to individuals in science and engineering who have made important contributions to the advancement of knowledge in the fields of behavioral and social sciences, biology, chemistry, engineering, mathematics and physics. The twelve member presidential Committee on the National Medal of Science is responsible for selecting award recipients and is administered by the National Science Foundation .", "comics creator    entity is a medal awarded in the United States by the President to people who have made significant contributions in the field of behavioral and social sciences, biology, chemistry, engineering, mathematics and physical. The National Medal of Science committee under the aegis of the National Science Foundation recommends candidates to the incumbent president.", "cricketer    entity is a Jamaican former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as striker.", "cricketer    entity is a Jamaican international footballer, born October 14, 1950 in Kingston. Nicknamed Skill or Skilly, he is the first Jamaican to have evolved in the Brazilian Championship and the youngest player to have evolved under the Jamaican jersey. After his professional career, he became a traveling companion of Bob Marley.", "album    entity is a 1967 British made-for-television musical film directed by and starring the Beatles. It is the third film that starred the band and depicts a group of people on a coach tour who experience strange happenings caused by magicians. The premise was inspired by Ken Kesey's Furthur adventures with the Merry Pranksters and the then-popular coach trips from Liverpool to see the Blackpool Lights. Paul McCartney is credited with conceptualising and leading the project.", "album    entity is a British musical television film directed by Bernard Knowles for the BBC, with the participation of the Beatles, broadcast in 1967. The first broadcast, in black and white, took place on December 26, 1967. Watched by 20 million viewers, it was a resounding flop, among other things because the absence of colors did not make it possible to correctly render the very psychedelic style of the work.", "musical artist    entity is a South African-American record producer, songwriter and music publisher.", "musical artist    entity is a hip-hop/R&B producer born in South Africa on September 1, 1975. He started music very early and quickly learned to play the piano. He then produced for big names in hip -hop, R&B and pop such as The Game, Rihanna, Leona Lewis, Britney Spears, Destiny's Child, Snoop Dogg, 50 Cent, and even for Paris Hilton. Jonathan Rotem notably works in collaboration with Dr. Dre for the latter's label, Aftermath Entertainment.", "song    entity is a Russian folk metal band. Their lyrics are heavily influenced by Russian folklore and Slavic mythology, and their music incorporates several traditional Russian musical instruments. The name of the band \"entity\" refers to the last Pre-Christianized Slavic city-castle.", "song    entity is a Russian pagan metal band. Their lyrics are inspired by Russian folklore and Slavic mythology. The group was founded in 2002 and has been engaged since 2008 with the label Napalm Records.", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden. Written by frontman Chris Cornell, entity was released on August 30, 1989 as the first single from the band's second studio album, Louder Than Love . It is the quasi-title track from that album, and was also the basis for the EP Loudest Love and the live video Louder Than Live. The song was included on Soundgarden's 1997 greatest hits album, A-Sides.", "album    entity is a song by the grunge band Soundgarden. It is the 7th track from the 1989 album Louder Than Love. It is also the 3rd single from Soundgarden, released the same year. The song was also the basis of the EPLoudest Love and the live video Louder Than Live.Metal Portal Metal Portal Music Portal Music Portal \u2022 Song section", "album    entity is an Italian heavy metal band.", "album    entity is an Italian heavy metal band.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state on the east coast of Australia. It borders three other states, Queensland to the north, Victoria to the south, and South Australia to the west. Its coast borders the Coral and Tasman Seas to the east. The Australian Capital Territory is an enclave within the state. entity' state capital is Sydney, which is also Australia's most populous city. In June 2020, the population of entity was over 8.1 million, making it Australia's most populous state. Just under two-thirds of the state's population, 5.3 million, live in the Greater Sydney area. The demonym for inhabitants of entity is New South Welshmen.", "governmental administrative region    entity is Australia's most populous state. It is located in the southeast of the main island and shares borders with Queensland to the north, South Australia to the west and Victoria to the south. It is bordered by the Tasman Sea to the east.", "village    entity is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.", "village    entity is a city in the west of the state of Santa Catarina in Brazil.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 19 April 2009 at the Shanghai International Circuit, Shanghai, People's Republic of China. It was the third race of the 2009 Formula One season, a change from previous years, when it took place towards the end of the season.", "formula one team    entity is the 806th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950 and the third round of the 2009 championship.", "video game    entity is an action role-playing video game developed by Cavia and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in April 2010. In Japan, the game was released as entity Replicant for the PlayStation 3 with a younger main character, while an alternative version titled entity Gestalt with an older main character was released for the Xbox 360; Gestalt was released outside of Japan as entity for both platforms. A remaster of the game, entity Replicant ver.1.22474487139..., was released for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Windows on April 23, 2021.", "video game    entity is an action-RPG video game developed by Cavia and published by Square Enix. It was released in April 2010 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. In Japan, the PS3 version is titled entity RepliCant and the Xbox 360 version, entity Gestalt. The main differences are the main character entity's physical appearance and his relationship with Yonah. In other regions, the versions of both platforms are only based on entity Gestalt.", "musical    entity is a method in which figures are manipulated to appear as moving images. In traditional animation, images are drawn or painted by hand on transparent celluloid sheets to be photographed and exhibited on film. Today, most animations are made with computer-generated imagery . Computer animation can be very detailed 3D animation, while 2D computer animation can be used for stylistic reasons, low bandwidth, or faster real-time renderings. Other common animation methods apply a stop motion technique to two and three-dimensional objects like paper cutouts, puppets, or clay figures.", "musical    entity is a cinematographic process which consists in creating a movement, a form of action using a successive sequence of images. These images can be drawn, painted, photographed, digital, etc.", "disease    entity is the eighth studio album by American death metal band Six Feet Under. It was released on November 11, 2008 through Metal Blade Records. It is also available in a limited digipak edition with three live bonus tracks. On October 6, 2008, the song \"Shot in the Head\" was posted at Brave Words & Bloody Knuckles as part of their \"Knuckle Tracks\" online player. The song was removed on October 12, 2008. This was the last album of original material to feature founding bassist Terry Butler and drummer Greg Gall. It is also their longest album to date, clocking in at just under 50 minutes.", "disease    entity is the 11th studio album by death metal band Six Feet Under. The album was released on November 17, 2008", "album    entity is a soundtrack album by the Greek electronic composer Vangelis, released in 1983. It is the score of the 1983 Japanese film entity directed by Koreyoshi Kurahara, and was nominated by the Japan Academy for \"Best Music Score\".", "album    entity is the soundtrack distributed by Polydor, of the Japanese adventure film, Antarctica, by director, Koreyoshi Kurahara released in 1983. Since the Japanese edition of 1983, all reissues have included the same number of tracks.", "village    entity is a commune in the Puy-de-D\u00f4me department in Auvergne in central France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Puy-de-D\u00f4me department in the Auvergne region. entity is part of the urban area of \u200b\u200bClermont-Ferrand.", "album    entity is a 1972 double album by American rock band the Allman Brothers Band, containing a mix of live and studio recordings. Following their artistic and commercial breakthrough with the release of the live album At Fillmore East , the Allman Brothers Band got to work on their third studio album. Many in the band were struggling, however, with heroin addictions, and checked into rehab to confront these problems. On October 29, 1971, group leader and founder Duane Allman was killed in a motorcycle accident in the band's hometown of Macon, Georgia, making it the final album to feature the guitarist. Produced by Tom Dowd, the album was released on February 12, 1972, in the United States by Capricorn Records. It was the band's fourth album since their debut The Allman Brothers Band", "album    entity is a double album by American blues-rock band The Allman Brothers Band. Released in 1972, this fourth album is the last in which guitarist Duane Allman participated, because he died in a motorcycle accident during recording.", "film    entity is a lost 1930 American Pre-Code film, directed by Lloyd Bacon and produced by First National Pictures, a subsidiary of Warner Bros. The love-triangle drama, from a story by Octavus Roy Cohen, stars Billie Dove, Kenneth Thomson, and Grant Withers.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Lloyd Bacon and released in 1930. It is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Octavus Roy Cohen.", "video game    entity is an arcade-style racing game developed by Namco Bandai Games for the PlayStation Portable hand-held console, marking the 14th release in the Ridge Racer series and also the sequel to the PSP launch title Ridge Racer. It saw release in Japan on 14 September 2006, followed by its 13 October European launch and 19 October release in Australia. The North American release was cancelled.", "video game    entity is a racing video game developed and published by Namco, released in 2006 for the PlayStation Portable.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode. It was released on 17 March 1986 by Mute Records. The album further cemented the darkening sound created by Alan Wilder, which the band later used for their subsequent albums Music for the Masses, Violator, and Songs of Faith and Devotion, a sound that was initially hinted towards on their albums Construction Time Again and Some Great Reward.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by English band Depeche Mode, released in 1986. Darker than the previous ones, as the black color of the cover suggests, it does not contain any major hits like the previous studio album Some Great Reward, even if one of his singles A Question of Time, works rather well. The recording took place at the Westside studio in London and at the Hansa Mischraum in Berlin. Martin Gore signs all the titles here.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by American rapper Jay-Z, featuring prominent appearances from signees of Roc-A-Fella Records. It was released on October 31, 2000, by Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings. Its lead single, \"I Just Wanna Love U \", produced by The Neptunes, was one of Jay-Z's most successful singles peaking at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album debuted at #1 on the Billboard 200 with 557,789 copies sold in its first week. The album is certified 2x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA. The album received widely positive reviews from music critics and the album ended up becoming the 20th highest selling R&B/Hip-Hop Album of the 2000\u20132010 decade according to Billboard.", "album    entity is rapper Jay-Z's 5th studio album, released in 2000. The single \"I Just Wanna Love U\", produced by The Neptunes, is one of Jay-Z's biggest hits. The album sold over 2.3 million copies. 2...Hard Knock Life and Vol. 3... Life and Times of S.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Crna Trava, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 40 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Crna Trava, district of Jablanica. At the 2011 census, it had 10 inhabitants.", "album    American rapper Jay-Z has released thirteen solo studio albums, four collaboration albums, one live album, one compilation album, one soundtrack album, two extended plays, one hundred and fifteen singles , nine promotional singles and eighty-two music videos. As of December 2014, Jay-Z has sold 29,179,000 studio albums in United States.", "album    entity is a compilation album by rapper Jay-Z released in 2002. This compilation album contains tracks from his first three albums: Reasonable Doubt, In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 and Vol. 2: Hard Knock Life. The album also contains remixes.", "album    entity is a song by French DJ and music producer David Guetta, featuring vocals by Australian recording artist Sia. Taken from Guetta's fifth studio album, Nothing but the Beat, the song was written by Sia, David Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort and Afrojack. Production was also handled by Guetta, Tuinfort and Afrojack. entity was initially released for digital download on 8 August 2011, as the first of four promotional singles from the album. It was later released as the album's fourth single in December 2011. The song originally featured the vocals of American recording artist Mary J. Blige, whose version of the song leaked online in July 2011.", "album    entity is a song by French house music DJ and producer David Guetta in collaboration with Australian singer Sia. This is the 4th single from David Guetta's 5th studio album Nothing but the Beat. The song is written by Sia Furler, David Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort and Afrojack, produced by Guetta, Tuinfort and Afrojack. entity was released on August 8, 2011 on download platforms.", "village    entity is a former commune in the Orne department in north-western France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Belfor\u00eat-en-Perche.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, populated by 58 inhabitants.", "album    entity is a reggae fusion\u2013R&B song by American singer Akon from his second studio album, Konvicted . The song was released as the album's third single in January 2007. In April of that year, it became Akon's first solo U.S. number-one single and second number-one overall. The chorus interpolates the 1979 song \"Zimbabwe\" by Bob Marley and the Wailers and borrows the melody of Ignition by R. Kelly in its verse. entity was ranked number 31 on Rolling Stone's list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007. This song was also ranked number 81 on MTV Asia's list of Top 100 Hits of 2007.", "album    entity is a pop and R&B song performed by Akon from his second studio album Konvicted released in 2006. It is the album's third single after Smack That and I Wanna Love You. In April 2007, it became Akon's first solo single to chart at number one in the United States on the Billboard Hot 100 and his second overall. A crucial part of the chorus belongs to Bob Marley of the song \"Zimbabwe\".", "comics creator    entity is regarded as one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century. He was acclaimed by critics and musicians, particularly for his innovative work during the 1970s. His career was marked by reinvention and visual presentation, and his music and stagecraft had a significant impact on popular music.", "comics creator    entity is David Robert Jones, born January 8, 1947 in London, in the district of Brixton, is a singer, composer, record producer and British actor.", "village    entity is a commune in the Morbihan department and Brittany region of north-western France. It lies close to the borders of both C\u00f4tes d'Armor and Ille-et-Vilaine. entity's location make it a crossroads on the routes connecting Dinan to Vannes and Quimper to Rennes.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Morbihan in the Brittany region.", "musical artist    entity is an English singer, songwriter, musician, dancer and record producer. In 1978, aged 19, she topped the UK Singles Chart for four weeks with her debut single \"Wuthering Heights\", becoming the first female artist to achieve a UK number one with a self-written song. Bush has since released 25 UK Top 40 singles, including the Top 10 hits \"The Man with the Child in His Eyes\", \"Babooshka\", \"Running Up That Hill\", \"Don't Give Up\" , and \"King of the Mountain\". All 10 of her studio albums reached the UK Top 10, including the UK number one albums Never for Ever , Hounds of Love , and the compilation The Whole Story . She was the first British solo female artist to top the UK album charts and the first female artist", "musical artist    entity is a British singer-songwriter, musician and record producer, born {{#property:P569}} in {{#property:P19}}.", "village    entity is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace region.", "video game    entity is a 1991 adventure video game developed and published by Sur de Wave. Originally released for the Sharp X68000, it was later ported to the FM Towns Marty, PC-9801, and Sega Mega CD. The player assumes the role of a passenger aboard a cruise liner named the Nostalgia that has been taken captive by a criminal looking for an artifact.", "video game    entity is an adventure video game developed by Sur De Wave, released in 1991 on X68000 and Mega-CD. The game was adapted on FM Towns in 1992.", "video game    entity is a tactical role-playing game developed by Intelligent Systems and Nintendo SPD and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS. It was released in April 2012 in Japan and 2013 internationally. It is the thirteenth installment in the Fire Emblem series and the first to be developed for the Nintendo 3DS family of systems. The gameplay, like previous Fire Emblem games, focuses on the tactical movement of characters across a grid-based battlefield and fighting enemy units. Other features include the ability to build and foster relationships between characters to improve their abilities, adjustable difficulty levels, a mode that disables the permanent death of characters, and multiple camera perspectives in battle.", "video game    entity is a tactical RPG video game developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo, released for Nintendo 3DS on April 19, 2012 in Japan, February 4, 2013 in North America, and April 19, 2013 in Europe. The player embodies an amnesiac character, taken in by a young prince whose friend and strategist he will become.", "comics creator    entity is still widely appreciated. He and Samuel Richardson are seen as founders of the traditional English novel. He also holds a place in the history of law enforcement, having used his authority as a magistrate to found the Bow Street Runners, London's first intermittently funded, full-time police force.", "comics creator    entity is an English novelist, playwright, poet and journalist. As a novelist, his best-known work is The Foundling Tom Jones Story.", "vice president    entity was a senior Canadian Army officer who served with distinction during World War II, where he commanded the 1st Canadian Infantry Division and II Canadian Corps. In 1951, at the age of just 48, he was appointed Chief of the General Staff, the most senior member of the Canadian Army, a post he held for four years.", "vice president    entity is a Canadian Lieutenant-General, commanding the 2nd Canadian Corps during the Second World War. Born in Bury St Edmunds, England, on April 23, 1903, he emigrated to Canada with his family. He studied at the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario, between 1921 and 1925. While at Staff College, Camberley from 1936 to 1938, he received a Commandant's Recommendation.", "screen writer    entity is a French-American actress, film director, screenwriter, and singer-songwriter. She studied filmmaking at NYU's Tisch School of the Arts and has directed, written, or acted in more than 30 films, including Europa Europa , Voyager , Three Colors: White , the Before trilogy , An American Werewolf in Paris , and 2 Days in Paris .", "screen writer    entity is a Franco-American actress, director, composer and singer.", "vice president    entity is headquartered in Frisco, Texas, and plays its home games at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, which opened for the 2009 season. The stadium took its current name prior to the 2013 season. In January 2020 it was announced that Mike McCarthy had been hired as head coach of the Cowboys. He is the ninth in the team\u2019s history. McCarthy follows Jason Garrett, who coached the team from 2010\u20132019.", "vice president    entity is nicknamed \"America's Team\". The Cowboys have won five Super Bowls in January 1972, January 1978, January 1993, January 1994 and January 1996.", "album    entity was an American hardcore punk band from Boston, Massachusetts, United States, which was formed in 2004. On December 15, 2017, the band played their final show at the Worcester Palladium. The band's sound has been described as furious and cathartic, changing over time from screamo to metalcore to post-hardcore, with some songs showing emo or melodic metalcore elements.", "album    entity is a post-hardcore band from Boston, Massachusetts.", "village    entity are a department in the north of Brittany, in northwestern France.", "village    entity is located in Brittany. Insee and La Poste assign it the code 22.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ruma municipality, in the Srem District, Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 3,244 people .", "village    entity is a locality of Serbia located in the autonomous province of Vojvodina. It is part of the municipality of Ruma in the district of Syrmia.", "screen writer    entity is a 1983 Turkish drama film directed by Y\u0131lmaz G\u00fcney produced in France. It was entered into the 1983 Cannes Film Festival.", "screen writer    entity is a Franco-Kurdish film directed in Turkish by Y \u0131 lmaz G \u00fc ney in 1983.", "actor    entity is an American actress who began her career as a child model. She appeared in magazine, newspaper, and television advertising, before she made her film acting debut in the crime film Once Upon a Time in America . Connelly continued modeling and acting, starring in a number of films, including the horror film Phenomena , the musical fantasy film Labyrinth , the romantic comedy Career Opportunities , and the period superhero film The Rocketeer . She gained critical acclaim for her work in the science fiction film Dark City and for playing a drug addict in Darren Aronofsky's 2000 drama Requiem for a Dream.", "actor    entity is an American actress, born on December 12, 1970 in the village of Cairo.", "governmental administrative region    entity is an island and self-governing Crown Dependency near the coast of north-west France. It is the largest of the Channel Islands and is 22 kilometres from the Cotentin Peninsula in Normandy. The Bailiwick consists of the main island of Jersey and some surrounding uninhabited islands and rocks including Les Dirouilles, Les \u00c9cr\u00e9hous, Les Minquiers, and Les Pierres de Lecq.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the largest of the Channel Islands, whose capital is Saint Helier. Its area is 118.2 km2 and it is populated by 97,857 inhabitants. The Bailiwick of entity includes the island of entity, as well as the reefs of \u00e9cr\u00e9hou and Minquiers and a few other uninhabited islets. Like the other Channel Islands , entity: is a British Crown dependency represented by a Lieutenant Governor.", "soccer player    entity is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Brazilian club Santos FC and the Uruguay national team. Mainly an attacking midfielder, he can also play as a right winger. S\u00e1nchez is often nicknamed as \"Pato\" in his native country Uruguay.", "soccer player    entity is a Uruguayan international footballer. He plays as an attacking midfielder at Santos FC.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American girl group the Pussycat Dolls, released on September 19, 2008, by Interscope Records. The album's release was preceded by the departure of the group's longest-standing member Carmit Bachar. Development began in February 2008 where the group worked with previous collaborators Sean Garrett, Polow da Don and Timbaland and new ones such as Darkchild, J-Roc and Chase N Cashe. Polow da Don, R. Kelly and Snoop Dogg also make guest performances on the album. Several songs on entity were originally recorded for the lead singer Nicole Scherzinger's debut solo album, Her Name is Nicole, which was shelved after the under-performance of its preceding singles.", "album    entity is the second studio album by the American band Pussycat Dolls. Its release is scheduled for September 23, 2008. It was originally planned to be titled To Those To Wait. The first single is When I Grow Up. The reissue of the album, called entity 2.0, is scheduled for spring 2009. It includes the singles Jai Ho! and Hush Hush; Hush Hush, and the simple songs Painted Windows and Top Of The World.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by English progressive rock band Van der Graaf Generator. It was first released in the United States in 1969 by Mercury Records.", "album    entity is the debut album by British progressive rock band Van der Graaf Generator, released in 1969. It is actually a solo album by Peter Hammill, released under the name Van der Graaf Generator to satisfy contractual obligations to Mercury Records.", "painting    entity is a studio album by American jazz musician Thelonious Monk. It was his third album for Riverside Records, and the first, for this label, to include his own compositions. The complex title track required over a dozen takes in the studio.", "painting    entity is an album by jazz pianist Thelonious Monk released in 1957 on the Riverside label. While the two previous records for this label consisted of standards and performed as a trio, this one is mainly composed by Monk who is accompanied by six musicians. The group is mainly formed by a quintet where Monk is associated with saxophonists Sonny Rollins and Ernie Henry, double bassist Oscar Pettiford and drummer Max Roach.", "political party    entity is a national-conservative political party in Greece. The party was the junior coalition partner to the Coalition of the Radical Left in the first and second Tsipras governments, from January 2015 until the June 2019 parliamentary election, in which the party did not participate.", "political party    entity is a right-wing Greek political party, born on February 24, 2012 from a split of the most right-wing members of New Democracy. It constitutes a parliamentary group of ten deputies of the Hellenic Parliament. Its leader is Panos Kammenos. On May 6, 2012, the party obtained 33 deputies in the legislative elections.", "village    entity is the most populous city in the U.S. state of New Jersey and the seat of Essex County and part of the New York metropolitan area. As one of the nation's major air, shipping, and rail hubs, the city had a population of 311,549 in 2020, making it the nation's 62nd-most populous municipality, after being ranked 73rd in the nation in 2010.", "village    entity is an American city, the most populous city in the state of New Jersey. Located in Essex County, it is part of the suburbs of New York. It hosts the second largest airport in the New York metropolitan area with entity Liberty International Airport, located 15 km from Manhattan. As of the 2010 United States Census, it has a population of 277,140.", "album    entity is the third single from Lil Wayne's fifth studio album Tha Carter II being also the second single on Robin Thicke's second studio album The Evolution of Robin Thicke. The song was also featured on the Like Father, Like Son bonus disc. The song samples the electric piano from Vic Juris\u2019 \"Horizon Drive,\". It is a remake of Robin Thicke's \"Oh Shooter\", from his first album A Beautiful World, which was inspired by Thicke's real-life experience of being caught in a bank robbery when he was 18.", "album    entity is the third single by American rapper Lil Wayne from his fifth studio album, Tha Carter II. This song is also present on Robin Thicke's second studio album, The Evolution of Robin Thicke but also on the album Like Father, Like Son as a bonus track. The song is a sample of Mass Appeal's electric piano by Gang Starr.", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band Green Day. It is the second single and title track from their sixth album of the same name. Billie Joe Armstrong has said that the original concept was to create a song whose lyrics were made up of all signs and labels, and the idea grew from there. The song was played for the first time during Bridge School Benefit played acoustic in 1999. This is the first Green Day song to feature a tremolo effect on the guitar; an effect used prominently in the 2004 single \"Boulevard of Broken Dreams\".", "album    entity is a song by American punk band Green Day and the second single from their sixth album, entity:, released in 2000.", "single    entity were 23.00 s and 23.20 s .", "single    The women's 200 meter event at the 2008 Olympics takes place on August 19 for the heats and quarter-finals, August 20 for the semi-finals and August 21, 2008 for the final, at the National Stadium in Beijing.", "company    Ryan_Salvis", "company    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "video game    entity is a professional wrestling video game released in 2000 for the Nintendo 64 game console. The game was only released in Japan and is the sequel to 1997's Virtual Pro Wrestling 64. The subtitle, \u014cd\u014d Keish\u014d, translates to English as Royal Road Succession, which is also the name of the game's single player mode.", "video game    entity is a wrestling video game released in 2000 for the Nintendo 64 only in Japan. The game was developed by Aki Corporation and published by Asmik Ace Entertainment. It follows Virtual Pro Wrestling 64.", "old territory    entity was a German kingdom that constituted the state of Prussia between 1701 and 1918. It was the driving force behind the unification of Germany in 1871 and was the leading state of the German Empire until its dissolution in 1918. Although it took its name from the region called Prussia, it was based in the Margraviate of Brandenburg. Its capital was Berlin.", "old territory    entity is a former European state formed in 1701 and integrated in 1871 into the German Empire, of which it is the main component; it disappeared in 1918 when Germany became a republic.", "album    entity is a song by English electronic music band Depeche Mode from their eleventh studio album, Playing the Angel . It was released in the United Kingdom on 27 March 2006 as the album's third single, and their 43rd single overall.", "album    entity is the forty-third single from Depeche Mode. This is the third track from the Playing the Angel album. It was released on March 27, 2006 in Europe and the following day in the United States; this track is composed by Dave Gahan, Andrew Phillpott and Christian Eigner. It is the first Depeche Mode single to have lyrics written by Dave Gahan, and the first single since Just Can't Get Enough that was not composed by Martin L. Gore.", "album    entity was composed of David Byrne , Chris Frantz , Tina Weymouth , and Jerry Harrison . Described as \"one of the most critically acclaimed bands of the '80s\", the group helped to pioneer new wave music by integrating elements of punk, art rock, funk, and world music with avant-garde sensibilities and an anxious, clean-cut image.", "album    entity are an American rock band from New York.", "comics creator    entity was a Spanish neoclassical statesman, author, philosopher and a major figure of the Age of Enlightenment in Spain.", "comics creator    entity was a Spanish statesman and writer.", "screen writer    entity was a German general during the Second World War.", "screen writer    entity was a German general in World War II. He was Feld-Kommandeur of Laval.", "village    entity is one of the two railway stations in the commune of entity, Seine-Saint-Denis department, France . The station opened in 1908 on what was then called the Les Gr\u8305sillons line, which in 1988 was incorporated into the North Branch of the RER C as part of the Vall\u8305e de Montmorency - Les Invalides connection project.", "village    entity is a French railway station on the line from Ermont \u2013 Eaubonne to Champ-de-Mars, located in the commune of \u00e9pinay-sur-Seine. It is one of the two stations of the city with the station of \u00e9pinay - Villetaneuse. Opened in 1908 by the Compagnie des chemins de fer du Nord, it is today a station of the National Society of French Railways served by RER line C trains.", "cricketer    entity is a Scottish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Scottish League One club East Fife. Swanson started his career at Scottish Third Division side Berwick Rangers before moving to Scottish Premier League club Dundee United in 2008. He moved to England in 2012 to play for Peterborough United. After two years with Peterborough he signed for Coventry City, but he then moved back to Scotland on loan at St Johnstone. Swanson was released by Coventry in September 2015 and then signed for Heart of Midlothian, where he spent five months before returning to St Johnstone. Swanson then had a spell with Hibernian.", "cricketer    entity is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder with Coventry City.", "screen writer    entity is a 2006 Western action comedy film starring Salma Hayek and Pen\u00e9lope Cruz directed by Norwegian directors Joachim R\u00f8nning and Espen Sandberg and produced and written by Luc Besson. It tells the tale of two very different women in late-19th-century Mexico who become a bank robbing duo in an effort to combat a ruthless enforcer terrorizing their town.", "screen writer    entity is a Franco-American-Mexican film directed by Joachim R\u00f8nning and Espen Sandberg, released in 2006.", "software    entity is a project management software product, developed and sold by Microsoft. It is designed to assist a project manager in developing a schedule, assigning resources to tasks, tracking progress, managing the budget, and analyzing workloads. entity was the company's third Microsoft Windows-based application. Within a few years after its launch, it became the dominant PC-based project management software. entity and entity Server are the cornerstones of the Microsoft Office enterprise project management product.", "software    entity is a project management software published by Microsoft. It enables project managers and planners to plan and steer projects, manage resources and budget, and analyze and communicate project data. Used by more than 20 million project managers today, entity is the most widely used project management software in the world.", "album    entity is a song by American alternative rock band Pixies, and is the first song on their 1989 album Doolittle. The song was written and sung by frontman Black Francis and was produced by Gil Norton during Doolittle's recording sessions.", "album    entity is a song performed by American alternative rock band Pixies; it is the first track from their 1989 album Doolittle. Written and performed by bandleader Black Francis, the song was first produced by Gil Norton during Doolittle's recording session. The single Head On includes a live version of the song, recorded in Chicago on August 9, 1989, and a entity recording from December 16, 2004, in New York featured on \"Hey\" \u2013", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One non-championship race held at Oulton Park on 16 September 1967. The race was run over 45 laps of the circuit, and was won by Australian driver Jack Brabham in a Brabham BT24. Only two Formula 1 cars were entered. The majority of the field was made up of Formula 2 cars. Jackie Stewart was first placed F2 runner, and second overall, in a Matra-Cosworth.", "formula one team    entity was a non-championship Formula 1 and Formula 2 race held at Oulton Park on 16 September 1967.", "soccer manager    entity is a Puerto Rican born former Major League Baseball second baseman. He played for the Montreal Expos, Washington Nationals and Seattle Mariners.", "soccer manager    entity is a second baseman who played 12 seasons in Major League Baseball from 1997 to 2008, including eight years with the Montreal Expos. Vidro won the Silver Stick for the best offensive player in his position in 2003 and received three All-Star Game selections. He finished his career with a .298 batting average and 1,524 hits.", "saint    entity is a purported miracle caused by a deity's active involvement in the human world.", "saint    entity is Slayer's sixth thrash metal album released in 1994. It is the band's first album with Paul Bostaph. It constitutes a kind of return to the sources towards an aggressive music, thus approaching their famous album Reign in Blood. The sound is a little sanitized, but the work is overall, at the level of the compositions, of a very great efficiency, because carried out at a furious pace from the beginning to the end.", "military person    entity was Squadron Leader Achmatowicz, who was killed at Vilna and succeeded by Captain Ulan, who led the unit through the remainder of the war. Following the First Abdication of Napoleon, all foreign units were disbanded, and the regiment followed.", "military person    entity were Muslim fighters grouped into a light cavalry unit of the Imperial Guard, created by Napoleon I and having served in the French army from 1812 to 1814. Descendants of Tatar families originating from Crimea, they were organized into a squadron at the start of the Russian campaign in which they took part under the command of Squadron Leader Achmatowicz.", "screen writer    entity is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter. Associated mostly with parody comedies, Zucker is recognized as the director and writer of the critically successful 1980 film Airplane! as well as being the creator of The Naked Gun franchise and for directing Scary Movie 3 and Scary Movie 4.", "screen writer    entity is an American producer, director, stuntman, screenwriter and actor born October 16, 1947 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He is the brother of Jerry Zucker with whom he has made many films accompanied by a third companion: Jim Abrahams. They form the trio called ZAZ.", "village    entity is the largest city in Northern California by both population and area. With a 2020 population of 1,013,240, it is the third-most populous city in California and the tenth-most populous in the United States. Located in the center of the Santa Clara Valley, on the southern shore of San Francisco Bay, San Jose covers an area of 179.97 sq mi . San Jose is the county seat of Santa Clara County, the most affluent county in California and one of the most affluent counties in the United States. San Jose is the main component of the San Jose\u2013Sunnyvale\u2013Santa Clara Metropolitan Statistical Area, with an estimated population of around 2 million resident", "village    entity is a city on the west coast of the United States, located at the southern end of San Francisco Bay, in the state of California and 68 km southeast of San Francisco. It is the third largest city in California and the county seat of Santa Clara County. It is the largest city in the San Francisco Bay Area and the \"capital of Silicon Valley\". Its population was estimated at 945,942 on January 1, 2010, making it the tenth largest city in the", "governmental administrative region    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Leszno, although the city is not part of the county . The only towns in entity are Rydzyna, which lies 9 km south-east of Leszno, and Osieczna, 10 km north-east of Leszno.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a county belonging to the Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "film    entity is a 2014 French-American drama film co-written and directed by Abel Ferrara. Inspired by the Dominique Strauss-Kahn affair when the prominent French politician was accused of sexual assaulting a hotel maid, the film was released on 17 May 2014 by VOD on the Internet as the film failed to secure a place on the Official Selection at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival , nor was it picked up for theatrical distribution in France. According to Vincent Maraval, one of the producers, the film faced a boycott by the French media.", "film    entity is a French film co-written and directed by Abel Ferrara, the subject of which is an evocation of the Dominique Strauss-Kahn affair released on May 17, 2014 directly on VOD.", "comics creator    entity is an open and royalty-free video coding format developed by Google. entity is the successor to VP8 and competes mainly with MPEG's High Efficiency Video Coding .At first, entity was mainly used on Google's video platform YouTube. The emergence of the Alliance for Open Media, and its support for the ongoing development of the successor AV1, of which Google is a part, led to growing interest in the format.", "comics creator    entity is an open codec developed by Google. He was named at the beginning of its development Next Gen Open Video and VP-Next. entity will be the successor to VP8.", "record label    entity is a New York City\u2013based record label owned by Universal Music Group . It was founded by Avery Lipman and Monte Lipman as an independent label in 1995, and was acquired by UMG in 2000. Republic was initially an imprint of the Universal/Motown Records Group, and was renamed Universal entity after a reorganization in 2006 before going back to its original name in 2012.", "record label    entity was an American record company, the catalog was bought by Universal Music Group renamed \"Universal entity\".", "musical artist    entity is a Swiss singer-songwriter, film composer, multi-instrumentalist and bandleader, currently living in Berlin.", "musical artist    entity is a Swiss folk-pop-blues singer born March 31, 1983 in Bern.", "screen writer    entity is a 2013 American crime drama film directed by Scott Cooper, from a screenplay written by Cooper and Brad Ingelsby. Produced by Ridley Scott and Leonardo DiCaprio, the film stars Christian Bale, Casey Affleck, Woody Harrelson, Zoe Saldana, Forest Whitaker, Willem Dafoe, and Sam Shepard. The film received a limited release in Los Angeles and New York City on December 4, 2013, followed by a wide theatrical release on December 6. The film earned $15.7 million against its $22 million budget and it received mixed reviews.", "screen writer    entity is an American-British dramatic thriller co-written and directed by Scott Cooper, released in 2013.", "album    Pause may refer to", "album    entity is the second album by British electronic musician Four Tet. It was released in the UK on May 28, 2001 in CD format, on the Domino Records label. It was written and produced between \"Spring and Summer 2000\", and mastered at The Exchange.", "comics creator    entity is an American mastering engineer, known for having mastered many recordings, including the Eagles' Hotel California, Green Day's American Idiot and Norah Jones' Come Away with Me.", "comics creator    entity is an American sound engineer.", "album    entity is an album by Maceo Parker, released in 1998 via What Are Records? and Cream Records. The album peaked at No. 43 on the Billboard Jazz Albums chart.", "album    entity is Maceo Parker's tenth studio album, released in 1998.", "noble    entity was the ruler of the ancient Kingdom of Macedon from c. 498 BC until his death in 454 BC. He was succeeded by his eldest son, Alcetas II.", "noble    entity is mentioned several times by Herodotus in his account of the Persian Wars. Although a vassal of the Persians, he indeed maintained good relations with the Greeks, and sent them information several times.", "noble    entity is a fantasy novel by American writers Raymond E. Feist and Joel Rosenberg, the second book in Legends of the Riftwar series. It details the story of Durine, Kethol and Pirojil, three mercenaries who have spent the past twenty five years fighting Tsurani, the Bugs and Goblins. Now having spent a few months on garrison duty, their journey to LaMut should be simple and completely straightforward. The story is set in the world of . It was first released by Harper Collins on June 5, 2002 in the United Kingdom. Roughly five years later Harper Collins released it into the US market.", "noble    entity is the second book in Legends of Krondor, a fantasy series written by Raymond Elias Feist. This novel, co-written with Joel Rosenberg, appeared in the United States in 2002 and was then translated into French and published by Bragelonne editions in 2015.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor and producerknown for his role as Don Draper in the period drama television series Mad Men . His performance earned critical praise and recognition, earning him a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series \u2013 Drama in 2008 and again in 2016, and the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 2015. Hamm has received 16 Primetime Emmy Award nominations for his performances for acting and producing Mad Men. He also directed two episodes of the show. Hamm has also appeared in the Sky Arts series A Young Doctor's Notebook and guest starring in Channel 4 dystopian anthology series Black Mirror and the Amazon Prime fantasy series Good Omens. Hamm is also known for his comedic roles in", "screen writer    entity is an American actor born March 10, 1971 in Saint-Louis. He is best known for his roles as Don Draper in the Mad Men series and Dr. Vladimir Bomgard in the English series A Young Doctor's Notebook.", "album    entity is thought to be the first solo with feedback. This is the first Who release with Nicky Hopkins playing piano.", "album    entity is a song by The Who released as a single in 1965.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilic\u81ae, within Gr\u8d38jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Nowe Miasto nad Pilic \u0105 in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a department of France in the extreme west of Brittany.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a French department located in Brittany. Insee and La Poste assign it the code 29.", "album    entity is a heavy metal band from Sacile, Italy. As of 2019, they have released one demo and ten full-length studio albums. entity's music draws their inspiration from very different genres such as metal, folk, hard rock, pop, prog and classical music.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Italian folk/power metal band Elvenking. The album was released on April 19, 2004 under the AFM Records label. The titles Disappearing Sands and A Fiery Stride are only present in the limited release track listing of the album. keyboardist Elyghen, this is the first time that a keyboardist has been mentioned as an official member of the band.", "musical artist    entity was composed of Michael \"Mike D\" Diamond , Adam \"MCA\" Yauch , and Adam \"Ad-Rock\" Horovitz .", "musical artist    entity are an American musical group from the Manhattan and Brooklyn neighborhoods of New York City, consisting of Michael \"Mike D\" Diamond, Adam \"MCA\" Yauch , and Adam \"Ad-Rock\" Horovitz. Since the album Hello Nasty circa, the band's DJ has been Michael \"Mix Master Mike\" Schwartz, who made his appearance in the song Three MC's and One DJ.", "screen writer    entity was an American film director, producer, and screenwriter. His notable credits include Vera Cruz , Kiss Me Deadly , The Big Knife , Autumn Leaves , Attack , What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? , Hush...Hush, Sweet Charlotte , The Flight of the Phoenix , The Dirty Dozen and The Longest Yard .", "screen writer    entity was an American director.", "disease    entity is the third album by Finnish melodic death metal / doom metal band Swallow the Sun. It was released February 7, 2007. The Horror Series continues from this album, also being on The Morning Never Came, New Moon & Emerald Forest and the Blackbird. The Limited Edition version includes \"These Low lands\" a Timo Rautiainen & Trio Niskalaukaus cover that is originally named \"Alavilla mailla\", Swallow the Sun translated the song into English for this version.", "disease    entity is the third album by Finnish doom metal band Swallow the Sun. It was released in 2007 and reached number three in the Top 40 best-selling Finnish albums that same year.", "basketball team    entity are an American professional baseball team based in the New York City borough of Queens. The Mets compete in Major League Baseball as a member of the National League East division. They are one of two major league clubs based in New York City, the other being the American League's New York Yankees. One of baseball's first expansion teams, the Mets were founded in 1962 to replace New York's departed NL teams, the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Giants. The team's colors evoke the blue of the Dodgers and the orange of the Giants.", "basketball team    entity was founded in 1962 and has been playing since 2009 at Citi Field. They are part of the East Division of the National League.", "politician    entity is a Burkinab\u00e9 politician and journalist who was Prime Minister of Burkina Faso from 2011 to 2014.", "politician    entity is a Burkinabe diplomat and politician, Prime Minister from April 18, 2011 to October 30, 2014.", "single    entity is a South Korean third baseman who is a free agent. He previously played in the KBO League for the Hyundai Unicorns and Nexen Heroes. He also played for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball.", "single    entity is a shortstop and third baseman for the Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball. He previously played as a shortstop for the Korea Baseball Organization's Nexen Heroes from 2006 to 2014.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Jagodina, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 656 people. The village is located on the banks of Lugomir, a tributary of the Velika Morava.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the territory of the City of Jagodina, Pomoravlje district.", "album    entity is the name given to the third album by Christophe Willem. It was released on 21 November 2011 and currently has three singles, Cool, Si Mes Larmes Tombent and Starlite. The first single, Cool, was released on 20 September 2011. It was released as both a physical and digital single. Fellow French Singer Zaho features on the album during the song Indelebile and big names such as Kylie Minogue are credited. Kylie is credited as the writer of the song Pas Si Loin. entity is the 16th best pop album of 2011, according to Popjustice.com.", "album    entity is the third album by French singer Christophe Willem, released on November 21, 2011.", "village    entity is the largest city of Morocco. Located on the Atlantic coast of the Chaouia plain in the central-western part of Morocco, it is the second largest city in the Maghreb region and the eighth-largest in the Arab world. entity is Morocco's chief port and one of the largest financial centers in Africa. According to the 2019 population estimate, the city has a population of about 3.71 million in the urban area and over 4.27 million in the Greater entity. entity is considered the economic and business center of Morocco, although the national political capital is Rabat.", "village    entity is a city and municipality of Morocco, capital of the Greater Casablanca region and economic capital of the country, located on the Atlantic coast, about 80 km south of Rabat, the administrative capital. Administratively, its territory with an area of \u200b\u200b386.14 km2, corresponds to that of the prefecture of Casablanca which, since the return to the principle of the unity of the city in 2002, is composed on the one hand of the municipality of entity divided into 16 boroughs distributed", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Ko\u015bcielny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres east of Szczawin Ko\u015bcielny, 15 km east of Gostynin, and 93 km west of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Szczawin Ko\u015bcielny in Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 4 kilometers east of Szczawin Ko\u015bcielny , 15 kilometers east of Gostynin and 93 kilometers west of Warsaw .", "village    entity is a municipality in the Elbe-Elster district, in Brandenburg, Germany.", "village    entity is a municipality of Brandenburg, located in the district of Elbe-Elster.Brandenburg Portal Brandenburg Portal", "grand prix    entity were held at the Igman - Veliko Polje. The events began on 11 February and ended on 17 February 1984.", "grand prix    entity were held at the Igman - Veliko Polke venue between February 11-17, 1984.", "video game    entity is a side-scrolling platform game developed by Nihon Falcom. It was originally released for the NEC PC-8801 home computer in 1991 and the PC-9801 in 1992. The game was later ported to the PC Engine CD-ROM by NEC Home Electronics, to the Sega CD by Sega, to DoJa mobile phones by Bothtec, and to the Super Famicom and Microsoft Windows by Falcom.", "video game    entity is an action-RPG video game released in 1994 and runs on Mega-CD, Super Nintendo, PC-Engine CD, PC-88 and PC-98. The game was developed by Falcom and published by Working Designs.", "vice president    entity is headquartered in Florham Park, New Jersey. The franchise is legally organized as a limited liability company under the name New York Jets, LLC.", "vice president    entity is a member of the Eastern Division, within the American Football Conference. The Jets share their home stadium, MetLife Stadium, with the city's other franchise, the New York Giants.", "album    entity is a gospel music song by Blind Willie Johnson. The title line, closing each stanza of the song, refers to a deathbed and was inspired by a passage in the Bible from Psalms 41:3 \"The Lord will strengthen him upon the bed of languishing, thou wilt make all his bed in his sickness\". Numerous artists have recorded variations, including Bob Dylan and Led Zeppelin.", "album    entity is the third song from Physical Graffiti, the sixth album by British rock band Led Zeppelin, released in 1975. It is a traditional folk/blues song, inspired by the song Jesus Make Up My Dying Bed, recorded by Blind Willie Johnson and later taken over by Josh White, Bob Dylan and Martin Gore.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album from English rock band, entity. It was released in October 1994 on Beggars Banquet Records and it is also the band's last album on Sire Records in the US. It is also commonly referred to as the \"Black Sheep\" record, due to the image of a Manx Loaghtan black sheep on the front cover. The record also features one of the very rare times when Ian Astbury and Billy Duffy have shared songwriting credit with anyone: bassist Craig Adams is credited as co-author of \"Universal You\".", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by English rock band The Cult. It follows the publication the previous year of a compilation called Pure Cult. Craig Adams, former bassist of The Sisters of Mercy and The Mission, joined the group. The disc is produced by Bob Rock who also plays guitar on some tracks.", "political party    Populism refers to a range of political stances that emphasize the idea of \"the people\" and often juxtapose this group against \"the elite\". The term developed in the late 19th century in connection to the Populist Party and has been applied to various politicians, parties and movements since that time, often derisively by opponents. Within political science and other social sciences, several different definitions of populism have been employed, with some scholars proposing that the term be rejected altogether.", "political party    Populism designates a type of discourse and political currents, targeting \u201cthe elites\u201d for its criticisms and advocating recourse to the \u201cpeople\u201d, embodied in a charismatic figure and supported by a party committed to this ideological corpus. He assumes the existence of a representative democracy which he criticizes.", "village    entity is a former commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune Ombr\u00e9e d'Anjou.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Maine-et-Loire in the Pays de la Loire region.Historically located in Anjou, on the border with the Duchy of Brittany, this rural commune happens to be one of the most northerly of Maine -et-Loire, sharing its border with Loire-Atlantique.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in southeastern Australia. It is the second-smallest state with a land area of 227,444 km2 and the most densely populated state in Australia . entity is bordered with New South Wales to the north and South Australia to the west, and is bounded by the Bass Strait to the south , the Great Australian Bight portion of the Southern Ocean to the southwest, and the Tasman Sea to the southeast. The state encompasses a range of climates and geographical features from its temperate coastal and central regions to the entityn Alps in the north-east and the semi-arid north-west.", "governmental administrative region    entity is located in the southeast of the main island of Australia. It is bordered to the north by New South Wales, to the west by South Australia, to the south by Indian Ocean), to the east by the Pacific Ocean. With an area of \u200b\u200b237,629 square kilometres, roughly the size of the United Kingdom, Victoria is Australia's smallest continental state.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 12 kilometres north-west of Bartoszyce and 62 km north of the regional capital Olsztyn.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in the Bartoszyce County.", "screen writer    entity was an American comic actor and one half of Laurel and Hardy, the double act that began in the era of silent films and lasted from 1927 to 1955. He appeared with his comedy partner Stan Laurel in 107 short films, feature films, and cameo roles. He was credited with his first film, Outwitting Dad, in 1914. In most of his silent films before joining producer Hal Roach, he was billed on screen as Babe Hardy.", "screen writer    entity was an American film actor. He formed with Stan Laurel, the comedy duo Laurel and Hardy.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Chelmet Chelyabinsk of the Higher Hockey League.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper and record executive. He is the co-founder and public face of Cash Money Records which he founded with his older brother Ronald \"Slim\" Williams in 1992. Birdman released his debut album in 2002, and has gone on to release four solo studio albums in total. Aside from his solo career, he is also a member of the hip-hop duo Big Tymers, along with producer Mannie Fresh.", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper and producer. He is the co-founder, with his brother Ronald, of the label Cash Money Records. He is also a politician who played a very important role in 2008, during the election of Barack Obama.", "actor    entity is an American singer-songwriter. Over the course of four decades, she has released more than a dozen albums. Mann was born in Richmond, Virginia, and studied at Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. In the 1980s, after playing with the Young Snakes and Ministry, she co-founded the new wave band 'Til Tuesday and wrote their top-ten single \"Voices Carry\" . The band released three albums and disbanded in 1990 when Mann left to pursue a solo career.", "actor    entity is an American singer-songwriter and bassist. After being part of the group 'Til Tuesday in the 1980s, she embarked on a solo career in the early 1990s but her albums, although critically acclaimed, did not meet with commercial success until her participation in the soundtrack of Magnolia, a film for which she was nominated for the Oscar for best original song.", "album    entity is the eighth and final studio album by American rock band Talking Heads, released on March 15, 1988 by Sire Records. The band dissolved shortly after the album's release, but did not announce their breakup until 1991.", "album    entity is the Talking Heads' eighth and final studio album, released on March 15, 1988. ranked 19th on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on May 17, 1988.", "skyscraper    entity is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California.", "skyscraper    entity is a neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, located south of the San Fernando Valley.", "cricketer    entity is an English former professional footballer who plays as a right back. He played in the Football League for Plymouth Argyle, Derby County, Sheffield United, Leeds United, Portsmouth, Preston North End, Millwall, Crawley Town and Luton Town, and for Bangor City in the Welsh Premier League.", "cricketer    entity is an English professional footballer, born September 29, 1983 in Liverpool.", "album    entity is a 2006 song by comedy rap character Fatal Bazooka, the 1st single from album T'as vu released on 2007. This song achieved a huge success in France and Belgium.", "album    entity is a humorous rap song released in 2006, the first single of the French parody rap group Fatal Bazooka, led by Micha\u00ebl Youn; this title is part of the album T'As Vu?, released in 2007. The group has fun transposing the urban style to the snowy mountains of Savoy, caricaturing certain French rappers.", "comics creator    entity was an American economist, mathematician, writer, and political theorist. He was the joint winner of the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences with John Hicks in 1972.", "comics creator    entity is an American economist. He is co-holder, with John Hicks, of the \u201cNobel Prize for Economics\u201d in 1972. He is considered one of the founders of the modern neoclassical school.", "comics creator    entity is a person who studies and writes about the past and is regarded as an authority on it. Historians are concerned with the continuous, methodical narrative and research of past events as relating to the human race; as well as the study of all history in time. If the individual is concerned with events preceding written history, the individual is a historian of prehistory. Some historians are recognized by publications or training and experience. \"Historian\" became a professional occupation in the late nineteenth century as research universities were emerging in Germany and elsewhere.", "comics creator    entity is a person who studies or communicates about history. Its task is to report past facts, to categorize them, then to propose a balanced and justified interpretation by sources, under the control of the informed public. The title of historian is not professionally recognized and instead relies on recognition by one's peers.", "comics creator    entity was a Savoisian nobleman and jurist. Favre was born in Bourg-en-Bresse. After studies in Paris and Turin, he practiced law in Chamb\u00e9ry. He was a member of the Savoyard court there from 1585 onwards, and its president from 1610 onwards.", "comics creator    Antoine Favre (1557 - 1624)", "village    entity is a former commune in the Is\u00e8re department in southeastern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune Val-de-Virieu.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Is\u00e8re, in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. Its inhabitants are called entityois.", "album    entity is an album by American country music artist George Jones. It was released in 1963 on the United Artists record label. entity features two duets with Melba Montgomery, including the standard \"We Must Have Been Out Of Our Minds\", one of seven chart singles they would score together between 1963 and 1967. In the book George Jones: The Life and Times of a Honky Tonk Legend, Bob Allen quotes Jones: \"Now, truthfully, Melba fit my style more than Tammy did. I hate to use the word 'hard-core,' but that's what Melba is - a down-to-earth, hard-core country singer.\" The other duet with Montgomery, \"Flame In My Heart\", was originally recorded by Jones and Virginia Spurlock when Jones was with Mercury Records. The songs would be included", "album    entity is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1963 on the United Artists Records label.", "noble    entity is a 2007 serial novel by American author Michael Chabon. It is a \"swashbuckling adventure\" set in the kaganate of Khazaria around AD 950. It follows two Jewish bandits who become embroiled in a rebellion and a plot to restore a displaced Khazar prince to the throne.", "noble    entity is a historical novel by American writer Michael Chabon published in 2007 and translated into French in 2010. This novel originally appeared in the form of fifteen episodes, published in The New York Times Magazine from January 28, 2007 to May 6, 2007 .", "comics creator    entity was a French novelist, poet, and playwright. His collaboration with the publisher Pierre-Jules Hetzel led to the creation of the Voyages extraordinaires, a series of bestselling adventure novels including Journey to the Center of the Earth , Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Seas , and Around the World in Eighty Days . His novels, always very well documented, are generally set in the second half of the 19th century, taking into account the technological advances of the time.", "comics creator    entity was a French writer, many of whose works were devoted to adventure and science fiction novels. with the publisher Pierre-Jules Hetzel his first novel Five Weeks in a Balloon which was a huge success beyond the French borders.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Jessica Simpson from her fifth studio album, A Public Affair. The song was written by Diane Warren and produced by Stargate. It was released on September 26, 2006 by Epic Records, as the second single from the album. Originally the song was not included in the standard version of the album, but was released in a version of Walmart as a bonus track. The lyrics of entity is constructed in verse-chorus format and focuses on the dissatisfaction of love.", "album    entity is the second single from American singer Jessica Simpson, taken from entity's fifth album, released on September 26, 2006. The track is written by Diane Warren and composed by Stargate.", "actor    entity is a British rapper, singer, record producer and activist. Her songs contain evocative political and social commentary regarding immigration, warfare and identity in a globalised world. Her music combines elements of alternative, dance, electronic, hip hop and world music with eclectic instruments and samples.", "actor    entity is a British singer-songwriter, painter and filmmaker. Her nickname \"MIA\" is both a nod to her own name and a reference to the abbreviation for Missing in Action. His compositions combine elements of electronic, dance, alternative, hip-hop and world music. MIA", "album    entity is an American band based in the Ocean Beach neighborhood of San Diego, California, who describe their music as \"a fusion of folk, rock, reggae and blues with hip-hop, funk, metal and punk.\" As a band, they have released thirteen albums , with their ninth studio album entitled Everyday Life, Everyday People on July 13, 2018. The band was originally signed by Bradley Nowell from the band Sublime to his label Skunk Records while still in high school.", "album    entity is an American band from San Diego, California, describing their music as \"a blend of acoustic rock and blues with reggae, hip-hop, and punk\". the group has released eight albums in total.", "noble    entity was King of Jerusalem from 1143 to 1163. He was the eldest son of Melisende and Fulk of Jerusalem. He became king while still a child, and was at first overshadowed by his mother Melisende, whom he eventually defeated in a civil war. During his reign Jerusalem became more closely allied with the Byzantine Empire, and the Second Crusade tried and failed to conquer Damascus. Baldwin captured the important Egyptian fortress of Ascalon, but also had to deal with the increasing power of Nur ad-Din in Syria. He died childless and was succeeded by his brother Amalric.", "noble    entity was king of Jerusalem from 1143 to 1162. Despite a difficult start to his reign, followed by the unification of Muslim Syria, he was able to resist the Zengid thrust, sometimes forcing Nur ad-Din on the defensive, and also knew how to conclude an alliance with Byzantium, giving the Crusader establishments in the East the means to resist the Islamic counter-offensive.", "screen writer    entity is an Australian novelist and critic. Born in Adelaide, South Australia, he trained as a lawyer before becoming a writer. Bradley's novels, which have been published internationally, explore both past and future. His books include seven novels and a book of poetry. He has also edited two anthologies, Blur, a collection of writing by young Australian writers, and The Penguin Book of the Ocean. Bradley also writes as a critic, with reviews and articles appearing regularly in Australian newspapers and magazines, and blogs at City of Tongues.", "screen writer    entity is an Australian writer, poet and literary critic, author of detective novels and science fiction.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band Radiohead, released in March 2008 as the second single from their seventh studio album In Rainbows . Radiohead first recorded entity during the sessions for their third album, OK Computer , but were not satisfied with the results. They performed it several times over the following decade, and it became one of their best-known unreleased songs. For In Rainbows, Radiohead rearranged the song around a bassline written by Colin Greenwood.", "album    entity is a song by rock band Radiohead, released on the album In Rainbows. It was released as a single on March 31, 2008.Music Portal Music Portal \u2022 Song sectionRock Portal Rock Portal UK Portal UK Portal", "church    entity is a Lutheran church in Riga, the capital of Latvia, dedicated to Saint Peter. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia.", "church    entity is one of the best-known symbols of Riga, the capital of Latvia. The first documents mentioning it date from 1209. Its tower measures 123.5 m, including 64.5 m for the spire.", "village    entity is a city on the banks of the Rhine in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia, with a population of over 300,000. About 24 km south-southeast of Cologne, Bonn is in the southernmost part of the Rhine-Ruhr region, Germany's largest metropolitan area, with over 11 million inhabitants. It is a university city and the birthplace of Ludwig van Beethoven. It was the capital city of the Electorate of Cologne from 1597 to 1794 and of West Germany from 1949 to 1990.", "village    entity is a city in Germany located on the banks of the Rhine in the south of the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia, 25 km south of Cologne and 54 km north of Koblenz. Between 1949 and 1990, the city was the capital of the Federal Republic of Germany, then between 1990 and 1999 the seat of its government. Since then, it has had the status of a federal city which is unique in the country. Still almost half of the ministries have their headquarters in entity.", "soccer manager    entity is a former Kazakhstani professional ice hockey defenceman who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship and the 2006 Winter Olympics as a member of the Kazakhstan men's national ice hockey team. On September 15, 2012, Vladmir's wife was killed in an automobile accident in rural Kazakhstan. His son Viktor Antipin is also hockey player, and played for the NHL's Buffalo Sabres. He is currently an ice hockey coach.", "soccer manager    entity is a Kazakh professional ice hockey player turned coach. He is the father of Viktor Antipine.", "album    entity are an English progressive rock band formed in London in 1968 by singer Jon Anderson, bassist Chris Squire, guitarist Peter Banks, keyboardist Tony Kaye and drummer Bill Bruford. The band has undergone numerous formations throughout its history; nineteen musicians have been full-time members. Since June 2015, it has consisted of guitarist Steve Howe, drummer Alan White, keyboardist Geoff Downes, singer Jon Davison and bassist Billy Sherwood. entity have explored several musical styles over the years, and are most notably regarded as progressive rock pioneers.", "album    entity is a British rock band that has enjoyed international success thanks to the quality of its progressive and symphonic music. Considered a pioneer of the genre, entity is known for their long and structured songs, with rich and mystical lyrics, for their easily identifiable elaborate album covers and for the talent of their stage performances.", "album    entity is an American rock band from Garden Grove, California, formed in 1984. Originally formed under the name Manic Subsidal, the band's lineup consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Bryan \"Dexter\" Holland, bassist Todd Morse and lead guitarist Kevin \"Noodles\" Wasserman. Over the course of their 37-year career, they have released ten studio albums and experienced multiple lineup changes, most noticeably with their drummers. Their longest-serving drummer was Ron Welty, who replaced original drummer James Lilja in 1987, and stayed with the band for 16 years; he was replaced by Atom Willard in 2003, and then four years later by former drummer Pete Parada. Gregory \"Greg K.\" Kriesel, one of the co-founders of the Offspring, was their bassist until 2018 when he parted ways due t", "album    entity is an American punk rock band formed in 1984 in Huntington Beach, California by Dexter Holland and Greg Kriesel. entity were considered by the press as embodying the revival of punk rock in the United States in the mid-1990s. They released eight albums, two compilations, four EPs, three DVDs and twenty singles.", "screen writer    entity is an American character actor, producer and director. He has worked in numerous productions in American media since the 1950s, playing a variety of East Asian roles. He also helped establish the East West Players, the longest continuously running theatre of color in the United States, to increase Asian American representation in the industry.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, producer, director and screenwriter, born February 22, 1929 in Minneapolis, Minnesota.", "musical    entity is classical music composed close to the present day. At the beginning of the 21st century, it commonly referred to the post-1945 modern forms of post-tonal music after the death of Anton Webern, and included serial music, electronic music, experimental music, and minimalist music. Newer forms of music include spectral music, and post-minimalism.", "musical    The expression contemporary music designates the different currents of art music that emerged after the end of the Second World War. Some of these currents seek new paths, sometimes in a radical way, outside the tonal system. From the 1950s, the emergence of profound changes in the forms of musical writing suggests a new trend in composition.", "village    entity is the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County, California. A major West Coast port city, entity is the largest city in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area, the third largest city overall in the San Francisco Bay Area, the eighth most populated city in California, and the 45th most populated city in the United States. With a population of 440,646 as of 2020, it serves as a trade center for the San Francisco Bay Area; the Port of entity is the busiest port in the San Francisco Bay, the entirety of Northern California, and the fifth busiest in the United States of America. An act to incorporate the city was passed on May 4, 1852, and incorporation was later approved on March 25, 1854. entity is a charter city.", "village    entity is a city on the west coast of the United States located in San Francisco Bay, in the state of California. To the north of the city is Berkeley, where the famous university sits. To the west, beyond the Bay Bridge, is San Francisco. entity is one of the three most important ports on the West Coast of the United States: its port developed in the 1970s thanks to the containerization of goods.", "album    entity is the second solo studio album by American hip hop musician Guru. It was released on July 18, 1995 through Chrysalis Records as the second installment of the rapper's Jazzmatazz album series. In the United States, the album peaked at number 71 on the Billboard 200 and number 16 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.", "album    entity is the second studio album by rapper Guru, released on July 18, 1995. The album ranked 16th on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 71st on the Billboard 200.", "album    entity is a song by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on the album Animals in 1977. This song was one of several to be considered for the band's \"best of\" album Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd.", "album    entity is a song by the British progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on the album Animals, in 1977. The \"dogs\" represent megalomaniac businessmen who destroy themselves and those around them by being obsessed with their egos and their careers. Guitarist David Gilmour and bassist Roger Waters share the vocals: Gilmour sings most of the lyrics, except for the last two verses, sung by Waters.", "album    Arrependimento", "album    entity is an official first EP of the group Best Life Music composed of Young Dany, G Kiboko, Young Jpy, Mc Vitaa & Gms El Magnifico. This album was released on January 25, 2014 in stores and available for download. The album was produced by Amir Mugisha, Pitchen, Innocent, Pistols Beatz and Kook K. The 10-track album features guest appearances from R Flow, Jay Fire, Gaga Blue, Terry West, Miss Erica and Sat -B. The album was followed by a single Never Sleep ft patient", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres north-west of Opoczno and 65 km south-east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of Opoczno, Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "volcano    entity is subject to frequent snowfall, occasional rain, and extreme temperature variation between seasons. The mountains, particularly South Sister, ar", "volcano    entity are three volcanoes \u2014 North Sister at 3,074 meters in the north, Middle Sister at 3,062 meters in the center, both extinct, and South Sister at 3,157 meters in the south, in sleep \u2014 located in the Cascade Range in central Oregon in the Northwestern United States.", "village    entity is a commune in the Dr\u00f4me department in southeastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dr\u00f4me in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. Its inhabitants are the Bouvi\u00e9rois.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Brze\u017anica, within Paj\u0119czno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres south-west of Nowa Brze\u017anica, 15 km south-east of Paj\u0119czno, and 85 km south of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The village has a population of 35.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of Nowa Brze \u017a nica , Paj \u0119 czno County, \u0141 \u00f3 d \u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "album    entity is a song by Irish rock band U2. It is the third track on their eleventh studio album, How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb , and was released as the album's second single worldwide except in North America on 7 February 2005. Originally titled \"Tough\", the song is lyrically about the relationship between the band's lead vocalist Bono and his father Bob Hewson, who died of cancer in 2001.", "album    entity is the third single from U2's 2005 album How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb. In this lyrical, almost operatic piece, Bono discusses his conflicted relationship with his recently deceased father. No. 1 in the UK when it was released, the song won the 2006 Grammy Awards for Song of the Year and Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Group or Duo.", "album    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was written by Carey, Jermaine Dupri, Johnt\u00e1 Austin and Bryan-Michael Cox, and produced by the former two and LRoc. It was released as the third international single from Carey's tenth studio album, The Emancipation of Mimi . The song is built around a sample of \"Just an Illusion\" by British band Imagination. Due to the inclusion of the sample, several other writers are credited as songwriters. Lyrically, the song features the protagonist persistently asking for the phone number of an individual at a club.", "album    entity is a song by American artist Mariah Carey. It is written by Carey, Jermaine Dupri, Johnt\u00e0 Austin and Bryan Michael Cox and produced by Carey, Dupri and LRoc. It is the third single from her tenth studio album titled The Emancipation of Mimi. It is built on a sample of the song Just an Illusion by the band Imagination and due to copyright the names of the songwriters must appear on the credits of entity.", "bank    entity is an American energy company based in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Its core business is natural gas processing and transportation, with additional petroleum and electricity generation assets. A Fortune 500 company, its common stock is a component of the S&P 500.", "bank    entity is an American energy company. Its headquarters are located in Tulsa. It works mainly in the field of exploration, production, transformation and transportation of natural gas. It also has oil and power generation interests.", "military person    entity is a military decoration of France. It recognises an individual bestowed a Mention in Dispatches earned for showing valour in presence of an enemy, in theatres of operations which are not subject to the award of the Croix de guerre des th\u00e9\u00e2tres d'op\u00e9rations ext\u00e9rieures . entity is usually awarded for security or peacekeeping operations, always outside the French territory.", "military person    entity is a French military decoration. It rewards personnel and, since 2011, units holding a citation for feats of arms won in theaters of operations that are not subject to the award of the Croix de guerre.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina D\u0142ut\u00f3w, within Pabianice County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-east of D\u0142ut\u00f3w, 14 km south of Pabianice, and 28 km south of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of D \u0142 ut \u00f3 w, Pabianice County, \u0141 \u00f3 d \u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "musical artist    entity is an American musician best known as the primary songwriter, lead singer and guitarist of the indie rock band Pavement. He currently performs with Stephen Malkmus and the Jicks and as a solo artist.", "musical artist    entity is an American musician, notably a member of the American rock band Pavement.", "political party    entity is the largest nominally centre-right conservative-liberal and liberal-conservative political party in Romania, Refounded in mid January 1990, shortly after the Revolution of 1989 which culminated in the fall of communism in Romania, it claims the legacy of the major political party of the same name, active between 1875 and 1947 in the Kingdom of Romania. Based on this legacy, it often presents itself as the first formally constituted political party in the country and the oldest party from the family of European liberal parties.", "political party    entity is a Romanian, national-liberal and conservative political party. It has been chaired since 2014 by Klaus Iohannis. Initially a member of Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, he joined the group of the European People's Party in the European Parliament after the 2014 elections.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American punk rock band the Ramones. It was released on January 10, 1977, through Sire Records, with the expanded CD being released through Rhino Entertainment on June 19, 2001. Songs on the album were written immediately after the band's first album's writing process, which demonstrated the band's progression. The album had a higher production value than their debut Ramones and featured faster tempos. The front photo was taken by Moshe Brakha and the back cover, which would become the band's logo, was designed by Arturo Vega. The album spawned three singles, but only one succeeded in charting. It was also promoted with several tour dates in the United States and Europe.", "album    entity is the Ramones' second album, released in 1977. More accomplished and elaborate than the first album, it contains many of the band's future classics, such as Pinhead and his famous \"Gabba Gabba Hey!\" \u201c, idiotic slogan which will become the signature of the Ramones, in the same way as the\u201d Hey Ho! Let's Go! from the first album. The influence of 1960s pop is more heard, especially that of the Beach Boys.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziorzany, within Lubart\u00f3w County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north-east of Jeziorzany, 27 km north-west of Lubart\u00f3w, and 46 km north of the regional capital Lublin.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Jeziorzany in Lubart\u00f3w County, Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland .", "sports league    entity is a Russian professional football club based in Krasnodar that plays in the Russian Premier League. The club was founded in 2008. In 2009, the club was promoted to the Russian First Division, the second highest division of the Russian football league system, despite finishing Zone South of Second Division in third. At the end of the 2010 season, they were promoted to the Russian Premier League for the 2011 season, despite finishing fifth in the first division.", "sports league    entity is a Russian football club based in Krasnodar.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball utility player. He played in Major League Baseball for the Atlanta Braves, Chicago White Sox, Boston Red Sox, Cleveland Indians, Chicago Cubs and New York Yankees. He was known for his versatile playing skills and defensive prowess in the outfield. As a utility player, he started at every position except pitcher and catcher in his career.", "soccer manager    entity is a utility player for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball.", "album    entity is a song recorded by South Korean boy band Big Bang. Initially released as part of the single album A on June 1, 2015 through YG Entertainment, the song served as one of the eight lead singles from the band's third Korean-language studio album Made, which would be released more than a year later on December 12, 2016. It was written and composed by member G-Dragon along with long-time group collaborator Teddy Park, with additional rap parts penned by member T.O.P.", "album    entity is a song by South Korean boy band BIGBANG. It was released on June 1, 2015 by YG Entertainment, as the third single from the MADE Series, and the first from A.", "village    entity is the Nilotic language of the Karo people, spoken over large areas of Central Equatoria state in South Sudan, across the northwest corner of Uganda, and into the Democratic Republic of Congo. entity is spoken by several distinct tribes: the entity people themselves, the Pojulu, Kakwa, Nyangwara, Mundari, and Kuku. Each has its own dialect. The language is therefore sometimes called Karo or Kutuk rather than entity.", "village    entity is a Nilo-Saharan language of the East Nilotic branch of languages \u200b\u200bspoken in South Sudan and Uganda.", "village    entity is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace region, at the foot of the Vosges mountains. Its inhabitants are called entityois and entityoises.", "village    Jab\u0142onkowo' est un village de Pologne, situ\u00e9 dans la gmina de Miros\u0142awiec, dans le powiat de Wa\u0142cz, dans la vo\u00efvodie de Pom\u00e9ranie occidentale.", "village    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Miros \u0142 awiec, in the county of Wa \u0142 cz, in the voivodship of West Pomerania.", "album    entity is a 1980 song by British new wave band Ultravox. It was released as the third single from the band's fourth album Vienna on 9 January 1981 through Chrysalis Records and features Midge Ure singing the lead vocal. The song is regarded as a staple of the synthpop genre that was popularised in the early 1980s. The song was also performed at the 1985 Live Aid concert in Wembley Stadium. It remains Ultravox's signature song, being their most commercially successful release and is often performed live by Midge Ure in solo performances.", "album    entity is a song by the British group Ultravox appearing on the homonymous album released in 1980. It was released as a single, as the third extract from the album, on January 15, 1981.", "record label    entity is as of 2013 a subsidiary of BMG Rights Management solely for reissues. Until June 2007, it was the largest independent record label in the UK and the largest music management company in the world. It was also the world's largest independent owner of music intellectual property rights, with over 160,000 songs.", "record label    entity is an English music label. The company was created in 1976 by Rod Smallwood and Andy Taylor, two friends who met in high school. In 1979 the men met the group Iron Maiden in a pub and became their manager. The group recruited many artists on its label such as Mot\u00f6rhead, Deep Purple or even Black Sabbath and 30 years later it became the most important independent label. of Great Britain.", "village    entity is one of the Ghana\u9225\u63dfogo Mountain languages spoken by the of southern Togo and southeastern Ghana. It is a tonal language with nominal classes. Akebu is closely related to the Animere language. In 2002 there were about 56,400 speakers, located primarily in the Ak\u8305bou district of the Plateau Region of Togo.", "village    entity is a Kwa language spoken by the entity people in southern Togo and Ghana. It is a nominal class language which has both class prefixes and suffixes. In 2002 there were 56,400 speakers. They are located in the Prefecture of entity, located about 260 km northwest of Lom\u00e9.", "amateur boxer    entity is an Irish professional boxer. As an amateur, he reached number one in the AIBA bantamweight world rankings, with achievements that include a bronze medal at the 2012 Olympics and gold at the 2015 World Championships. He has been one of Ireland's most successful amateur fighters of all time. He turned professional in 2016 after misgivings with the amateur sport, and had his first bout in 2017.", "amateur boxer    entity is an Irish boxer born November 19, 1991 in Belfast.", "musical artist    entity is a Canadian-American singer-songwriter, philantrophist, musician, humanitarian and activist. After embarking on a music career in Winnipeg in the 1960s, Young moved to Los Angeles, joining Buffalo Springfield with Stephen Stills, Richie Furay and others. Since the beginning of his solo career with his backing band Crazy Horse, Young has released many critically acclaimed and important albums, such as Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere, After the Gold Rush, and Harvest. He was a part-time member of Crosby, Stills & Nash.", "musical artist    entity is a Canadian folk, country and rock singer and guitarist. Its peak was in the early 1970s with the albums After the Gold Rush and Harvest and its role in the group Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. He is the son of Canadian journalist and novelist Scott Young who died in 2005. Neil Young's music is recognizable by his often high-pitched voice and the ubiquitous guitar.", "video game    entity is a discontinued desktop blog-publishing application that was developed by Microsoft and distributed as part of the Windows Live suite of apps. The last major release of entity came out in 2012 , and the software was completely discontinued in January 2017. An open-source fork of entity was released as Open Live Writer on December 9, 2015.", "video game    entity is a blog editor that allows publishing articles with different content and posting to blog services like Windows Live Spaces and Blogger. entity is valid in 48 different languages.", "formula one team    entity was a motor race held at the Port Wakefield Circuit in South Australia on 10 October 1955. The race, which had 22 starters, was held over 80 laps of the 2.09 km circuit. It was open to Formula Libre cars of unlimited capacity. The race was promoted by Brooklyn Speedway Ltd. and was organised by the Sporting Car Club of SA Inc.", "formula one team    entity is a Formula Libre event.", "scientist    entity is famous for his invention of margarine.", "scientist    entity is the inventor of margarine.", "album    entity is a song written and recorded by Akon featuring Snoop Dogg. It was released in October 2006 as the second single from his second studio album, Konvicted. It is also featured on Snoop Dogg's eighth album, Tha Blue Carpet Treatment. This song was Akon's first #1 single on the Billboard Hot 100 and was also Snoop's second #1 on the same chart. It also reached a peak of #3 on the UK Singles Chart. The track originally had Akon as a featured artist and was performed by Plies, then an up-and-coming rapper from Fort Myers, Florida, but his verse was replaced by Snoop's and his name has been left out from the writers' credits. This song was #88 on MTV Asia's list of Top 100 Hits of 2007. The song was nominated for the Grammy Award f", "album    entity is the radio edit of I Wanna Fuck You, Akon's second single featuring Snoop Dogg, from his second album Konvicted, following the release of Smack That. This title also appears in Snoop Dogg's eighth album, Tha Blue Carpet Treatment. This single is the first for Akon and the second for Snoop Dogg to rank at the top of the Billboard Hot 100.", "video game    entity is a Canadian video game developer located in Burnaby, British Columbia. The development studio opened as Distinctive Software in January 1983, and is also Electronic Arts's largest and oldest studio. entity employs approximately 1,300 people, and houses the world's largest video game test operation.", "video game    entity is a Canadian video game development studio based in Burnaby, British Columbia. The studio was opened in January 1983 and is the largest in-house studio of Electronic Arts, of which it is a subsidiary.", "musical artist    entity is an English musician best known as guitarist and main songwriter for the power metal band DragonForce.", "musical artist    entity is a guitarist from New Zealand, who plays in the power metal band DragonForce.", "video game    entity is a platform video game based on the animated film of the same name by Eric Darnell and Tom McGrath, produced by DreamWorks. The game was released on May 24, 2005 in North America and on June 30, 2005 in Europe. The GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox versions were developed by Toys for Bob. The Microsoft Windows version was developed by Beenox and the Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance versions were developed by Vicarious Visions. entity: Operation Penguin was the next entity video game to be released on the Game Boy Advance. A sequel, entity: Escape 2 Africa, was released on November 4, 2008.", "video game    entity is an action-adventure video game developed in 2005 by Toys For Bob for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, Windows, Nintendo DS, Game Boy Advance and GameCube. The game is based on the animated film of the same name. entity: Operation Penguin was later developed on the Game Boy Advance.", "military person    Jean-Pierre Doumerc , joined a French cavalry regiment at the beginning of the French Revolution and rose in rank to command a cuirassier regiment by the start of the First French Empire. During the Napoleonic Wars he first led cavalry brigades and later divisions in many of the important battles of the era. After retiring from the army in 1815, he briefly served again during the 1830s.", "military person    entity was a French general of division, born on October 7, 1767 in Montauban.", "village    entity is an Austrian market town in the district of Oberpullendorf in the state of Burgenland.", "village    entity is a municipality in Austria, in Burgenland near the Hungarian border. It is part of the district of Oberpullendorf. Its name in Hungarian is Sopronkereszt\u00far.Portal of Austria Portal of Austria", "dam    entity is one of the major European rivers. The river begins in the Swiss canton of Graub\u00fcnden in the southeastern Swiss Alps, forms part of the Swiss-Liechtenstein, Swiss-Austrian, Swiss-German and then the Franco-German border, then flows in a mostly northerly direction through the German Rhineland and the Netherlands and eventually empties into the North Sea.", "dam    entity is a river in central and western Europe, 1,233 km long. Its watershed, 185,000 km2, includes large parts of Switzerland, Germany and the Netherlands, eastern France, includes part of Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the western Austria, the whole of Liechtenstein and even a small part of Italy.", "painting    entity is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman, released on the ECM label in 1987.", "painting    entity is an album by English saxophonist John Surman, recorded and released in 1987 on the ECM label. It is a solo album where John Surman uses synthesizer loops and overdub to create an accompaniment on which he improvises.", "screen writer    entity is a Russian ice hockey coach, sports agent and former professional ice hockey player, known as \"the Professor\". Along with Viacheslav Fetisov, he was instrumental in forcing the Soviet government to let Soviet players compete in the National Hockey League . He primarily played the centre position.", "screen writer    entity is a professional ice hockey player. In 2008, he was inducted into the IIHF Hall of Fame and Hall of Fame.", "album    entity is a 1958 song by Eddie Cochran and Jerry Capehart, originally released as a B-side.", "album    entity is a song written by Jerry Capehart and Eddie Cochran in 1958.", "island    The Battle of Mir took place on 9 and 10 July 1812 during Napoleon's invasion of Russia. Three Polish Lancers divisions battled against Russian cavalry, ending in the first major Russian victory in the war.", "island    entity was a minor battle that took place on July 10, 1812, at the start of the Russian campaign. The Russians defeat a body of the Polish army there. The Russians presented the battle as their first victory.", "album    entity is a song by Swedish DJ and record producer Alesso, featuring the vocals of Swedish singer Tove Lo. Released on 25 August 2014, the song has charted in a number of countries. In the US, the song went to number one on the dance chart.", "album    entity is a song by Swedish disc jockey Alesso released on August 25, 2014 on the Def Jam label.", "album    entity is the third studio album by Texas blues guitarist Johnny Winter, released in 1969. The original plan was to edit the songs from the recording session into one album but it was later thought that all the recordings were good enough to be released. The album was released as a \"three-sided\" LP, with a blank fourth side on the original vinyl. Two more songs, \"Tell the Truth\" and \"Early in the Morning\" were left unfinished but released on a 2004 re-release of the album.", "album    entity is Johnny Winter's third album.", "musical artist    entity is an American singer, songwriter, poet, and record producer. Posner released his debut album, 31 Minutes to Takeoff, on August 10, 2010. The album includes the US Billboard Hot 100 top 10 single \"Cooler than Me\" as well as the top 20 single \"Please Don't Go\". In 2016 he released his second album, At Night, Alone. A remix of his 2015 single \"I Took a Pill in Ibiza\" from the album peaked in the top 10 on the charts in 27 countries around the world, including hitting number one in many and the top five on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States. He has written songs for a great number of fellow artists. In March 2017, he released his first book of poetry, Tear Drops & Balloons. Posner is also a member of the alter", "musical artist    entity is an American singer and producer.", "dam    entity is the longest river in France and the 171st longest in the world. With a length of 1,006 kilometres , it drains 117,054 km2 , more than a fifth of France's land while its average discharge is only half that of the Rh\u00f4ne.", "dam    entity is the longest river in France, with a length of 1,006 kilometers. Its source is in Ard\u00e8che, on the southern slope of Mont Gerbier-de-Jonc, in the south-east of the Massif Central. Its mouth to the Atlantic Ocean is in the Loire-Atlantique department, to the west of the Pays de la Loire region. Its course is located entirely in France: it is generally oriented first south-north to around Briare in the Loiret, then west.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrz\u00f3wek, within Kra\u015bnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres east of Zakrz\u00f3wek, 16 km east of Kra\u015bnik, and 37 km south of the regional capital Lublin.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Zakrz \u00f3 wek in Kra \u015b nik County, Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "film    entity is a Technicolor Superscope 1956 film. It was directed by Jacques Tourneur and stars Virginia Mayo, Robert Stack, and Ruth Roman in a story set in 1860s Denver.", "film    entity is a 1956 American film directed by Jacques Tourneur.", "album    entity is the sixth solo studio album by American hip hop musician Guru. It was released on July 31, 2007 via 7 Grand Records, making it the fourth and final installment in the rapper's Jazzmatazz series. Production was handled entirely by Solar, who also served as executive producer together with Guru. It features guest appearances from Blackalicious, Bobby Valentino, Bob James, Caron Wheeler, Common, Damian Marley, David Sanborn, Dionne Farris, Kem, Brownman Ali, Omar, Raheem DeVaughn, Ronnie Laws, Shelley Harland and Vivian Green.", "album    entity is Guru's sixth studio album, released on June 5, 2007. Fourth in the Jazzmatazz series, the album ranked 20th on Top Independent Albums and 45th on Top R&B /Hip-Hop Albums.", "cricketer    entity was an Italian professional footballer who played as a midfielder. He played in the first ever game of the Italy national football team on 15 May 1910 against France.", "cricketer    entity is an Italian international football player, who played as a midfielder.", "album    entity is a Japanese experimental music band formed in 1992 in Tokyo and composed of drummer Atsuo, guitarist/bassist Takeshi, and guitarist/keyboardist Wata. All three members contribute vocals. entity has released more than twenty studio albums on various labels around the world, as well as a wide variety of live albums, compilations, EPs, singles, and collaborative albums. They have collaborated with acts such as Sunn O))), Merzbow, Keiji Haino, and guitarist Michio Kurihara.", "album    entity is a Japanese band practicing a variety of styles, from edgy stoner rock to drone doom. The name of the group comes from an extremely heavy and distorted song by the Melvins, like their album Amplifier Worship.entity worked with Sunn O))) and Merzbow. of Control, directed by Jim Jarmusch.", "record label    entity is a French NGO composed of professionals from the maritime industry, transport and development which was created in 2010 by Marc Van Peteghem, Yves Marre, and , convinced that boats can be a gateway to development.entity assists underprivileged populations living on the shores of oceans and rivers. The NGO is looking to provide access to innovative and sustainable floating solutions, adapted to their economic, social and climatic situation.The concepts that are developed are designed to improve their life conditions by combining modern techniques and traditional knowledge.", "record label    entity is a French association made up of maritime, transport and development professionals which was created in 2010 by Marc Van Peteghem, Yves Marre, Alain Connan and G\u00e9rald Similowski convinced that the boat can be a vector of development. The association supports populations living on the shores of oceans and large rivers.", "village    entity is located in the Loire department in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region of France. It has 75 communes. Its population is 423,286 , and its area is 1,057.5 km2 .", "village    entity is a French administrative division, located in the Loire department and the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. This arrondissement can be divided into 3 distinct entities: the urbanized valleys, the Jarez and the Pilat.", "album    entity is an Australian rock band composed of Peter Garrett , Rob Hirst , Jim Moginie and Martin Rotsey . The group was formed in Sydney in 1972 by Hirst, Moginie and original bassist Andrew James as Farm: they enlisted Garrett the following year, changed their name in 1976, and hired Rotsey a year later. Peter Gifford served as bass player from 1980\u20131987, with Bones Hillman then assuming the role until his death in 2020.", "album    entity is an Australian rock band from Sydney, which began its career in 1971 under the name of Farm and broke up in 2002. Famous in particular for its environmental, anti-nuclear, pacifist commitments, and in favor of Australian Aborigines with the song Beds Are Burning taken from the album Diesel and Dust in 1987.", "village    entity is an Ortsgemeinde \u2013 a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality \u2013 in the Kusel district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde of Kusel-Altenglan, whose seat is in Kusel.", "village    entity is a municipality in the Verbandsgemeinde Kusel, in the district of Kusel, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.", "screen writer    entity was an American sound engineer. He won an Oscar for Best Sound and was nominated for four more in the same category.", "screen writer    entity was an American sound engineer.", "disease    entity is the fourth full-length album by Finnish metal band Moonsorrow. It was released on February 23, 2005 through Spinefarm Records. The album comes in a full-black shining case with golden Moonsorrow logo, with the original booklet inside. The United States release of the album, through Season of Mist, however, is packaged in a clear jewel case displaying the album's artwork.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by Finnish band Moonsorrow. It was released in 2005. According to the band, the tracks on the album are meant to be listened to all at once, as they are more parts of a single composition rather than individual tracks.", "comics creator    entity was a French chemist and Nobel Prize laureate. He was honorary research director at the Institut fran\u00e7ais du p\u00e9trole and a member of the French Academy of Science. He was known for his work for deciphering the process of olefin metathesis for which he was awarded the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry along with Robert H. Grubbs and Richard R. Schrock.", "comics creator    entity is a French chemist. He is honorary director of research at the French Petroleum Institute in Rueil-Malmaison and a member of the Academy of Sciences. Richard R. Schrock, Robert Grubbs and he are joint winners of the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.", "single    entity is a former American alpine ski racer. She competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin and the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver, finishing 17th in the alpine skiing combined both times. She retired from the United States Ski Team and professional skiing on March 26, 2010.", "single    entity is a former American alpine skier.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Vladi\u010din Han, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 221 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Vladi \u010d in Han, district of P\u010d inja. At the 2011 census, it had 120 inhabitants.", "painter    entity was a French sculptor and academic.", "painter    entity is a French sculptor called Coustou the Elder. His younger brother, Guillaume Coustou, as well as the son of the latter, Guillaume Coustou are also renowned sculptors.", "prefecture    entity is a prefecture-level city in southern Hebei province, People's Republic of China, bordering Shandong to the southeast. At the 2010 census its population was 4,340,373 inhabitants whom 522,147 lived in the built-up area made of Taocheng urban district. It is on the Jingjiu Railway.", "prefecture    entity is a city in Hebei province in China.", "basketball team    entity are an ECHL ice hockey team based in Wheeling, West Virginia. They are the ECHL affiliate of the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League and the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League. The Nailers are the oldest surviving minor league franchise below the level of the American Hockey League, with unbroken continuity of franchise and never having missed a season of play.", "basketball team    entity are an ECHL ice hockey franchise based in Wheeling, West Virginia. The team plays at WesBanco Arena.", "manga    entity is a genre of comedy centered on a fixed set of characters who mostly carry over from episode to episode. Sitcoms can be contrasted with sketch comedy, where a troupe may use new characters in each sketch, and stand-up comedy, where a comedian tells jokes and stories to an audience. Sitcoms originated in radio, but today are found mostly on television as one of its dominant narrative forms.", "manga    entity is a predominantly humorous television series, characterized initially by a unity of location allowing limited filming resources and reduced production costs, with episodes generally lasting less than half an hour.", "film    entity is a 1917 American two-reel silent comedy film written by, directed by, and starring Roscoe \"Fatty\" Arbuckle and featuring Al St. John, Buster Keaton and Alice Lake. This was the first in Arbuckle's series of films with the Comique Film Corporation, and Keaton's film debut.", "film    entity is a slapstick comedy directed by Roscoe Arbuckle released in 1917. This is the first film made for the Comique Film Corporation, the production company created in partnership with Joseph M. Schenck. It is in this film that the young Buster Keaton appears for the first time.", "screen writer    entity is an American actress, director, and producer. Regarded as one of the best actresses of her generation, she is the recipient of numerous accolades, including two Academy Awards, three British Academy Film Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and the honorary Cecil B. DeMille Award. For her work as a director, she has been nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award. People magazine named her the most beautiful woman in the world in 1992, and in 2003, she was voted Number 23 in Channel 4's countdown of the 100 Greatest Movie Stars of All Time. Entertainment Weekly named her 57th on their list of 100 Greatest Movie Stars of All Time in 1996. In 2016, she was inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame with a motion pictures star located at 6927 H", "screen writer    entity is an American actress, director and producer. She began her career at the age of six in Mayberry, RFD and was revealed by Taxi Driver, which brought him his first Oscar nomination.", "village    entity is a commune in the French department of Puy-de-D\u00f4me, Auvergne, France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Puy-de-D\u00f4me department, in the Auvergne region.", "manga    entity is a 1994\u20131996 children's animated television series about six baby dinosaurs who share stories and adventures.", "manga    entity is an Irish animated series in 26 episodes of 23 minutes, divided into 52 segments, created by Fred Wolf and broadcast between September 28, 1994 and May 2, 1996 on BBC One.", "album    entity is a 2007 song recorded by the French singer Christophe Willem with lyrics by Zazie. It was his third single and the second one from his debut album, Inventaire. Released on 25 May 2007, the single was a hit in France and Belgium, topping the singles charts for about two months and thus becoming the singer's best-selling single.", "album    entity is a song interpreted by the French singer Christophe Willem taken from the album Inventaire. Released on May 25, 2007, the single is a success in France and Belgium, it remained at the top of the best-selling charts for two months. The lyrics of the song are written by Zazie, who composed the music with his regular collaborator Jean-Pierre Pilot and Olivier Schultheis.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Kelly Clarkson from her fourth studio album, All I Ever Wanted . The song features songwriting credits from Max Martin, Lukasz Gottwald, and Claude Kelly and production credits from Martin and Gottwald under his production moniker, Dr. Luke. Clarkson co-wrote the track but refused to include her name in the credits, citing a refusal to be associated with Gottwald. entity was released as the lead single from the album and premiered on January 13, 2009, in the United States on the Z100 radio station and was made available to download three days later. The song has met with positive reviews from music critics, who praised the song's pop composition, which incorporates rock and dance elements.", "album    entity is a song performed by American singer Kelly Clarkson, and the first single from her fourth album, All I Ever Wanted, released in 2009. The title was co-written by the singer, with the help of Dr. Luke or even Max Martin, co-composers of the world hits Since U Been Gone and Behind These Hazel Eyes.", "album    entity is Alexisonfire's third studio album, and the follow-up to Watch Out!. entity is one of Alexisonfire's most successful albums.", "album    entity is the third studio album by Canadian post-hardcore band Alexisonfire. It was released on August 21, 2006. It was released under different labels depending on the country. It went platinum in May 2007. It's also Alexisonfire's first album to feature new drummer Jordan Hastings, after former drummer Jesse Ingelevics left the band for personal reasons.", "album    entity is a song recorded by American pop rock band OneRepublic for their third studio album, Native . It was released as the album's first official single on January 8, 2013. The song was written by Ryan Tedder, Benny Blanco, Brent Kutzle and Zach Filkins. It was produced by Tedder and Blanco while Kutzle served as the co-producer. The song peaked at number 74 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 6 on the Media Control Charts in Germany. In early 2014, the single was re-released in the UK after the huge success of \"Counting Stars\".", "album    entity is a song by American rock band OneRepublic, taken from their third album Native and released as a single on January 28, 2013. On April 2, 2013, a remixed version of the single by Alesso was released.", "village    entity is a headwater tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 183 miles long, in Wyoming and Montana. Its confluence with the Jefferson and Gallatin rivers near Three Forks, Montana forms the Missouri River. The river was named in July 1805 by Meriwether Lewis at Three Forks. The central fork of the three, it was named for U.S. Secretary of State James Madison, who would succeed Thomas Jefferson as President in 1809. The western fork, the largest, was named for President Jefferson and the east fork for Treasury Secretary Albert Gallatin.", "village    entity is one of the rivers that flow upstream from the Missouri.", "record label    entity was an American record label founded in 1961 as a subsidiary of Mercury Records by Mercury executive Shelby Singleton and run by Singleton with Charlie Fach. Fach took over after Singleton left Mercury in 1966. Its recording artists included Frankie Valli, James Brown, Bruce Channel, Roger Miller, The Left Banke, Bill Justis, and Jerry Lee Lewis. A dispute with King Records led Brown to release all of his band's instrumental recordings between 1964 and 1967 on Smash. Smash also released three of Brown's vocal recordings, including his 1964 proto-funk single \"Out of Sight\".", "record label    entity is an American record label founded in 1961, a subsidiary of Mercury Records.", "album    entity is a 2011 dance-pop song by French singer Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was written by Farmer with a music composed by Laurent Boutonnat. The song is the first single from her second best of 2001.2011 and was released first digitally on 7 November 2011. The song was generally well received by critics, but divided Farmer's fans.", "album    entity is the first and only single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's second best of, 2001-2011.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American rock band Soundgarden, released on October 31, 1988 by SST Records. Following the release of the EPs Screaming Life and Fopp , both for the Sub Pop record label, Soundgarden signed with SST and went to work on their debut full-length. The resulting album contained elements of heavy metal, psychedelic rock, and hardcore punk. The band supported the album with a tour of the United States, as well as its first overseas tour. In 1990, the album earned a Grammy Award nomination for Best Metal Performance.", "album    entity is the debut album by grunge band Soundgarden, released October 31, 1988 by SST. Succeeding the releases of the EPs Screaming Life and Fopp, both published by Sub Pop. The album contains elements of heavy metal, psychedelic rock and hardcore punk. The band promoted the album with their first US tour. In 1990, he was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance.", "cricketer    entity was a Springbok rugby union footballer who played in 16 tests between 1928 and 1938. Brand has been described as the best kicker of his era, as well as a \"magnificent defensive player\" with a \"wonderful tackle\". According to Guinness World Records he executed the longest drop goal in rugby union to date. Brand's 55 test career points for the Springboks set a 27-year record , which was eventually surpassed by Keith Oxlee.", "cricketer    entity was a rugby union player who played with the South African team. He played at fullback. He evolved with the Western Province which disputes the Currie Cup.", "film    entity is a 2009 science-fiction comedy film based on 1950s sci-fi B movies, produced by James Swift and directed by R.W. Goodwin. It stars Eric McCormack and Robert Patrick. The film was shot in Ashcroft, B.C.", "film    entity is a 2009 American science fiction film directed by RW Goodwin.", "album    entity is an instrumental by Dutch DJ and record producer Martin Garrix, released as a digital download on 17 June 2013 on iTunes. The song quickly became popular within the EDM culture, leading to Garrix becoming the youngest producer to ever have a song reach number one on the electronic music store Beatport. The track was a commercial success, reaching the top ten or topping on a number of electronic music charts, topping singles charts in the United Kingdom, French-speaking Switzerland and Belgium, and in the United States reaching number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 1 on the Dance chart.", "album    entity is a song by Dutch disc jockey Martin Garrix, released on June 17, 2013 and distributed by Spinnin' Records. Garrix, named in the category of youngest DJ to have reached the first place in the rankings on Beatport, generates an immediate success with the public with his song, reaches the top ten in a dozen countries, and ranks first in the UK, and Belgium.", "actor    entity is a Panamanian-American dancer, singer-songwriter, and actress. She is best known for originating the roles of Mimi Marquez in the Broadway musical Rent and Lucy in the Off-Broadway play Jack Goes Boating. Rubin-Vega also appeared as Bombshell publicist Agnes in the second season of the TV series Smash and as Luisa Lopez in the TV series Katy Keene . In 2021, Rubin-Vega starred as salon owner Daniela in the film adaptation of Lin-Manuel Miranda's In the Heights.", "actor    entity is a Panamanian actress, born November 18, 1969 in Panama.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson. It was released by Epic Records on September 7, 1987, as the second single from Jackson's seventh studio album of the same name. The song was written and composed by Jackson, and produced by Quincy Jones and Jackson. Jackson stated that the song was influenced by a real-life story he had read about, of a young man who tried to escape poverty by attending private school but ended up being killed when he returned home.", "album    entity is a song by Michael Jackson, written and composed by Michael Jackson, released on September 7, 1987. Second single from the album entity, it reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, Hot Dance Club Songs and in several European charts. The song was originally planned as a duet with Prince, long considered in the media as THE \"rival\" of Michael Jackson.", "actor    entity is an Italian DJ, record producer and remixer. He is widely seen as a pioneer of electro house, a genre brought into the mainstream by his 2002 summer club hit \"Satisfaction\". He started his career as DJ along with his cousin Alessandro \"Alle\" Benassi, forming the electronica duo Benassi Bros. Although he began to gain popularity with his pseudonym in 1997 by releasing the song \"Electric Flying\", his first international hit was \"I Feel So Fine\", launched in 2001 under the nickname KMC.", "actor    entity is an Italian, house-oriented disc jockey and producer. He became popular on the international scene with the Benassi Bros project, and his title Satisfaction in 2002. In 2009, he ranked 26th in the ranking of international disc jockeys established by the magazine DJ Mag. In 2011, he lost a place and ranked 27th, then 70th in 2012, and 89th in 2013.", "university    entity is a public research university in Denver. It is part of the University of Colorado system.", "university    entity is an American university located in Denver, Colorado. It is one of three campuses at the University of Colorado.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball infielder, who played in Major League Baseball for the Seattle Mariners, Philadelphia Phillies, Florida / Miami Marlins and Washington Nationals. Dobbs was primarily a third baseman and could also play the corner outfield positions and first base.", "soccer manager    entity is a third baseman and first baseman who has been playing in Major League Baseball since 2004. He is currently a free agent. Greg Dobbs was a 2008 World Series champion with the Philadelphia Phillies.", "island    entity was the Union brown-water naval squadron that operated on the western rivers during the American Civil War. It was initially created as a part of the Union Army, although it was commanded by naval officers, and was then known as the Western Gunboat Flotilla and sometimes as the Mississippi Flotilla. It received its final designation when it was transferred to the Union Navy at the beginning of October 1862.", "island    entity is generally known as the Western Flotilla or the Mississippi Flotilla.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 1 October 1995 at the N\u00fcrburgring, N\u00fcrburg, Germany. It was the fourteenth race of the 1995 Formula One World Championship and the first to be held there since 1985. Michael Schumacher for the Benetton team won the 67-lap race starting from third position. Jean Alesi finished second in a Ferrari, with David Coulthard, who started the Grand Prix from pole position, third in a Williams car. This was also the last F1 race for three drivers: Massimiliano Papis, Gabriele Tarquini and Jean-Denis D\u00e9l\u00e9traz.", "formula one team    entity is the sixth edition of the Grand Prix, the 578th Formula 1 Grand Prix run since 1950 and the fourteenth round of the 1995 championship.", "album    entity is the debut solo studio album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on 26 March 1996 by Vertigo Records internationally and Warner Bros. Records in the United States. Following a successful career leading British rock band Dire Straits and composing a string of critically acclaimed film soundtrack albums, Knopfler recorded his first solo album, drawing upon the various musical influences he'd engaged since emerging as a major recording artist in 1978. The album reached the top-10 position on charts in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The album peaked at 105 on the Billboard 200 in the United States.", "album    entity is Mark Knopfler's first solo album, released in 1996. It differs from the later Dire Straits albums by a quieter mood overall, and a greater number of ballads.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, filmmaker, and comedian. He is known for his comedic roles in films including Superbad , Knocked Up , Forgetting Sarah Marshall , Funny People , Get Him to the Greek , 21 Jump Street , This Is the End , and 22 Jump Street , as well as his dramatic performances in Moneyball and The Wolf of Wall Street ; he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for both of the latter films.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, producer and screenwriter, born on December 20, 1983 in Los Angeles. Having started his acting career thanks to Dustin Hoffman, whose children are his friends, it was only by becoming one of the collaborators followers of Judd Apatow that he made himself known to the public, notably in Knocked up, mode d'emploi, SuperGrave, Sans Sarah rien ne va, Funny People and American Trip.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Loznica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 2088 people.", "village    entity is a locality of Serbia located on the territory of the City of Loznica, district of Ma \u010d va.", "political party    Primitif adalah suatu kebudayaan masyarakat atau individu tertentu yang belum mengenal dunia luar atau jauh dari keramaian teknologi. Primitif mempunyai arti tidak mengenal teknologi modern. Kata primitif sering digunakan untuk suatu kebudayaan atau masyarakat yang hidupnya masih tergantung alam ataupun tidak mengenal dunia luar. Adapun kata primitif ditujukan untuk seseorang yang tidak mempunyai kesopanan dalam perilakunya baik secara verbal maupun secara fisik, tapi digunakan kata biadab. Contoh dari tindakan primitif", "political party    entity is the second album by metal band Soulfly, released in 2000.", "soccer player    entity is a Brazilian footballer. Denilson mainly features as a central midfielder who at times can also play in the role of defensive midfielder. He is also a former youth captain of Brazil.", "soccer player    entity is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder with S\u00e3o Paulo FC.", "screen writer    entity is a Jamaican-born British-Australian director and producer of film and television. He directed Predator 2, A Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child, Blown Away, The Life and Death of Peter Sellers, Lost in Space and Under Suspicion. He also produced and directed several episodes of the first season of 24.", "screen writer    entity is an American director, born in 1958 in Jamaica.", "soccer manager    entity was a Swedish ice hockey defenceman. He played in Sweden from 1962 to 1974 , and in North America for the Winnipeg Jets in the WHA and NHL from 1974 to 80. Sj\u00f6berg was working as a scout for the New York Rangers when he died of cancer in 1987. To honour him the Rangers each year gives out the Lars-Erik Sj\u00f6berg Award to the best rookie in the training camp.", "soccer manager    entity was a professional ice hockey player who played as a defender.", "village    entity is a city and the seat of entity Municipality, V\u00e4stra G\u00f6taland County, Sweden. It had 66,273 inhabitants in 2010.", "village    entity is a town of 66,273 inhabitants located in the County of V\u00e4stra G\u00f6taland and in the historical province of V\u00e4sterg\u00f6tland, Sweden, about 60 km from Gothenburg. It is the capital of the municipality of entity.", "album    entity was released on 19 March 2007 and reached number 4 in the UK Albums Chart. The album was later certified Gold. Their second album, titled Common Dreads, was released on 15 June 2009 and peaked at number 16. Their third studio album A Flash Flood of Colour was released on 16 January 2012 and debuted at number 4. Their fourth studio album The Mindsweep was released on 19 January 2015 to critical acclaim.", "album    entity is the third EP by English post-hardcore band Enter Shikari, released in 2004 and self-produced, then remastered in 2005. It was sold during concerts or on their website. songs are then recorded again for the album Take to the Skies.", "album    entity are a Swedish rock band from \u00d6rebro, Sweden, formed in 2001.", "album    entity are a stoner rock band from \u00d6rebro, Sweden. The band's career began with the release of two EPs in 2001 and 2002, as well as a split-EP with Swedish band Firestone in 2003.", "soccer player    entity is a former Palestinian footballer and coach. He played as a defender. He has amassed 70 caps since Palestine's induction into FIFA in 1998. He is the former captain of the Palestinian national team and served as captain from 1999 to his retirement from international football in 2009, making him one of the most tenured captains in international football in terms of years served. Jendeya has scored one goal with the national team- a midfield shot against Libya in injury-time that leveled the score at 2-2 in the 1999 Pan-Arab Games. This goal allowed Palestine to advance to the knock-out stages where they eventually finished 3rd.", "soccer player    entity is a Palestinian professional footballer playing as a libero. He currently plays for Palestinian club Ittihad Al Shajiya.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Che\u8242m County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres north of Rejowiec, 16 km west of Che\u8242m, and 52 km east of the regional capital Lublin.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Rejowiec in Che\u0142m County, Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland , bordering Ukraine .", "village    Cie\u0144sza est un village polonais de la gmina de Zatory dans le powiat de Pu\u0142tusk de la vo\u00efvodie de Mazovie dans le centre-est de la Pologne. Il se situe \u00e0 environ 6 kilom\u00e8tres au nord de Zatory , 11 kilom\u00e8tres au sud-est de Pu\u0142tusk et \u00e0 51 kilom\u00e8tres au nord de Varsovie .", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Zatory in Pu\u0142tusk County and Mazovia Voivodeship. It is located about 6 kilometers north of Zatory, 11 kilometers south -east of Pultusk and 51 kilometers north of Warsaw.Portal of Poland Portal of Poland", "military person    entity was an officer in the British Army and the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II.", "military person    entity is a British general.", "soccer manager    entity is a former Major League Baseball second baseman and shortstop. After a collegiate baseball career at the University of Texas and Oral Roberts University, Hollimon entered professional baseball with the Detroit Tigers organization in 2005. He played professionally through 2012, including a short stint with the 2008 Tigers, during which he played 11 major-league games.", "soccer manager    entity is an American baseball player who plays in Major League Baseball with the Detroit Tigers.", "disease    entity is the seventh studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura, released in 1998 through Roadrunner Records. It is the band's first release with new frontman Derrick Green, who replaced group founder Max Cavalera in 1997.", "disease    entity is the seventh studio album by Brazilian death metal band Sepultura, released in 1999 through Roadrunner Records. This is the first album made with singer Derrick Green, replacing Max Cavalera, the group's founder.", "old territory    entity was a historically prominent German state that originated in 1525 with a duchy centered on the region of entity on the southeast coast of the Baltic Sea. It was de facto dissolved by an emergency decree transferring powers of the entityn government to German Chancellor Franz von Papen in 1932 and de jure by an Allied decree in 1947. For centuries, the House of Hohenzollern ruled entity, successfully expanding its size by way of an unusually well-organized and effective army. entity, with its capital first in K\u00f6nigsberg and then, when it became the Kingdom of entity in 1701, in Berlin, decisively shaped the history of Germany.", "old territory    entity is originally a Germanized territory of Eastern Europe under the control of the Teutonic Knights, but located outside the Holy Roman Empire; Having become the possession of a branch of the Hohenzollerns in the 16th century, then united with the Electorate of Brandenburg in the 17th century, entity constituted from 1701 to 1871 an essential element of the Kingdom of entity, incorporated into the Empire of Germany in 1871.", "politician    entity was a Dutch liberal statesman, one of the most important Dutch politicians of the 19th century. In 1848, he headed the commission that drafted the revision of the Constitution of the Netherlands, giving less power to the king and more to the States General, and guaranteeing more religious, personal and political freedom to the people.", "politician    entity was a Dutch politician.", "village    entity is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica. The inhabitants of the commune are known as A\u00eftinchi.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Haute-Corse and the Territorial Collectivity of Corsica. It belongs to the micro-region of Vallerustie, in the west of Castagniccia.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 14 kilometres south of Sierpc and 108 km north-west of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Sierpc in the county of Sierpc in the Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "building    entity is a business enterprise where the government or state has significant control through full, majority, or significant minority ownership. Defining characteristics of SOEs are their distinct legal form and operation in commercial affairs and activities. While they may also have public policy objectives , SOEs should be differentiated from government agencies or state entities established to pursue purely nonfinancial objectives.", "building    entity is an enterprise \u201cover which the State or other local authorities can directly or indirectly exercise a dominant influence by virtue of ownership, financial participation or the rules which govern it. according to the definition of the European Union.", "single    entity is an American former professional baseball right fielder. He played in Major League Baseball for the San Francisco Giants , Philadelphia Phillies , Chicago Cubs , and Washington Nationals . He also played in Nippon Professional Baseball for Hiroshima Toyo Carp .", "single    entity is a Major League baseball outfielder with the Washington Nationals. He won the 2010 World Series with the San Francisco Giants, where he played from 2007 to 2012.", "formula one team    entity was the fifth round of the 2010 Formula One season. It was held on 9 May 2010 at the Circuit de Catalunya. It was the first European race of the 2010 season, and was ultimately won by Red Bull's Mark Webber after the Australian qualified on pole and led every lap of the race.", "formula one team    entity is the fortieth edition of the Grand Prix, the 825th round of the Formula 1 World Championship run since 1950 and the fifth round of the 2010 championship.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey club based in Bratislava, Slovakia. In 2012, it left the Slovak Extraliga and joined the international Kontinental Hockey League . In 2019, it returned to the Tipos Extraliga. The club has won eight Slovak championships , one Czechoslovak championship and one IIHF Continental Cup , making it the second most successful hockey club in Slovak history after their biggest rival HC Ko\u0161ice. The team plays its home games at Ondrej Nepela Arena, also known as Slovnaft Arena. The team is nicknamed Belas\u00ed, which means the \"sky blues\" in English.", "sports league    entity is the ice hockey team of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia. The team plays in the KHL.", "vice president    entity is a major public research university located in London, United Kingdom. UCL is a member institution of the federal University of London, and is the second-largest university in the United Kingdom by total enrolment and the largest by postgraduate enrolment.", "vice president    entity is the oldest college in the University of London. A world-renowned university, UCL is currently ranked 4th best university in the world by the QS World University Rankings, 21st by the Academic Ranking of World Universities and by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings. At European level, it is ranked 2nd, 3rd and 5th respectively by the same rankings.", "video game    entity is a business simulation game series. There are five versions; the original entity , entity Deluxe , entity II , entity 3 , and Sid Meier's Railroads! . entity was written by game designer Sid Meier and published by MicroProse. Though it shares the \"Tycoon\" suffix, it is not related to other Microprose games such as RollerCoaster Tycoon and Transport Tycoon, which were developed by Scottish programmer Chris Sawyer.", "video game    entity is a management video game released in 1990 and runs on Amiga, Atari ST and DOS. Developed and eified by Microprose, the game was designed by Sid Meier. It is the first installment in the Railroad Tycoon series.", "musical artist    entity is an American jazz guitarist known for his work on numerous top jazz labels: Prestige, Blue Note, Verve, CTI, Muse, and Concord. His collaborations with Jimmy Smith were notable, and produced the 1965 Billboard Top Twenty hit Verve album Organ Grinder Swing. He has cited jazz guitarists Charlie Christian, Oscar Moore, and Django Reinhardt as influences, along with blues guitarists T-Bone Walker and Muddy Waters. Burrell is a professor and Director of Jazz Studies at the UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music.", "musical artist    entity is an American jazz guitarist.", "album    entity is the 5th British and 7th American studio album by the English rock band the Rolling Stones, released on 20 January 1967 in the UK and on 11 February in the US as the follow-up to Aftermath. It reflected the Stones' brief foray into psychedelia and baroque pop balladry during the era.", "album    entity is an album by the Rolling Stones released in early 1967. Released on January 20 in the United Kingdom by Decca Records, it was released in the United States on February 11 by London Records with different songs.", "noble    entity was a Duke of the House of Oldenburg. He was the grandfather of Duke Peter of Oldenburg as well as grandfather of Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich, General of the Imperial Russian Army during World War I. His great-great grandson, Nicholas Romanov, was the President of the Romanov Family Association until his death in 2014.", "noble    entity was a prince of the House of Oldenburg, and a general in the Imperial Russian Army.", "album    entity is a 2008 song recorded by the French house producer and DJ Laurent Wolf. It was the first single from his sixth album Wash My World, on which it features as the first track in its radio edit version, and as the tenth track in the Zen @ Acoustic version. Released in March 2008, this dance and techno song achieved a great success in many countries, including France and Belgium, where it topped the charts.", "album    entity is a song by French DJ Laurent Wolf, the song is performed by Mauritian singer Eric Carter.", "formula one team    entity was a Grand Prix motor race held at Bremgarten, Switzerland on 21 August 1938.", "formula one team    entity is \u200b\u200ba Grand Prix counting towards the European Drivers' Championship, held on the Bremgarten circuit on August 21, 1938.", "screen writer    entity was an American film director, producer, and screenwriter of film and television who earned widespread acclaim. Originally beginning his career under B-movie producer Roger Corman, Demme made his directorial debut with the 1974 women-in-prison film Caged Heat, before becoming known for his casually humanist films such as Melvin and Howard , Swing Shift , Something Wild , and Married to the Mob . His direction of the 1991 psychological horror film The Silence of the Lambs won him the Academy Award for Best Director. His subsequent films earned similar acclaim, notably Philadelphia and Rachel Getting Married .", "screen writer    entity is an American director, producer and screenwriter, born February 22, 1944 in Long Island.", "writer    entity is a person with a role either to promote, display or advertise commercial products or to serve as a visual aid for people who are creating works of art or to pose for photography. Though models are predominantly female, there are also male models, especially to model clothing. Models may work professionally or casually.", "writer    entity is the activity carried out by the model, a person who poses or exposes himself to promote the products of the fashion industry. Mannequins are used mainly for the promotion of clothing, fashion accessories and beauty products. The profession, exclusively female at the start, really began in the middle of the 19th century at the instigation of Charles Frederick Worth.", "screen writer    entity is a film series consisting of three high fantasy adventure films directed by Peter Jackson. The three films are entity: An Unexpected Journey , entity: The Desolation of Smaug , and entity: The Battle of the Five Armies . The films are based on the 1937 novel entity by J. R. R. Tolkien, with large portions of the trilogy inspired by the appendices to The Return of the King, which expand on the story told in entity, as well as new material and characters written especially for the films. Together they act as a prequel to Jackson's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy.", "screen writer    entity is an American-New Zealand fantasy film trilogy co-written, produced and directed by Peter Jackson, adapted from the novel entity by British writer JRR Tolkien. It is composed of An Unexpected Journey, The Desolation of Smaug and The Battle of the Five Armies.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Houston Astros, Baltimore Orioles, Boston Red Sox, Arizona Diamondbacks, Cleveland Indians, Chicago White Sox, Washington Nationals, and Milwaukee Brewers.", "soccer manager    entity is a right-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher. He is currently a free agent.", "cricketer    entity is a Zimbabwean international footballer who plays as a forward for Danish amateur club VB 1968.", "cricketer    entity is a Zimbabwean footballer, born April 20, 1984 in Harare, Zimbabwe. He evolves as an attacker.", "record label    entity is a recording studio established in New York City in 1968 and currently operating in Los Angeles, California. Known for innovations in the recording artists' workspace, it has produced highly influential albums, including Blondie's Parallel Lines, Metallica's Load and Reload, The Eagles' Hotel California, Fleetwood Mac's Rumours, Eminem's The Marshall Mathers LP, Guns N' Roses' Appetite for Destruction, and Kanye West's The College Dropout. More recent albums with songs recorded at Record Plant include Lady Gaga's ARTPOP, D'Angelo's Black Messiah, Justin Bieber's Purpose, Beyonc\u00e9's Lemonade, and Ariana Grande's Thank U, Next.", "record label    entity was in New York City at 321 West 44th Street in 1968.", "village    entity is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher in the Center region.", "album    entity is the second studio album by British heavy metal band Diamond Head. It was recorded in 1981 and released in 1982, reaching Number 24 on the UK Albums Chart. In a 2008 interview, guitarist Brian Tatler announced that this was his favourite period with Diamond Head and that the band \"seemed to be getting somewhere after six years of building\".", "album    entity is the second album of the English Hard rock/heavy metal band, from the NWOBHM, Diamond Head. It was released March 12 on MCA Records and was produced by Mike Hedges and the band.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Gr\u8d38jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres west of Warka, 17 km south-east of Gr\u8d38jec, and 51 km south of Warsaw. The village has a population of 80.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Warka in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies about 11 kilometers west of Warka, 17 kilometers southeast of Gr\u00f3jec and 51 kilometers south of Warsaw. The village has a population of approximately 80 inhabitants.", "village    entity is one of the 19 municipalities of the Brussels-Capital Region . Located in the north-eastern part of the region, it is bordered by the City of Brussels, Etterbeek, Evere and Saint-Josse-ten-Noode. In common with all of Brussels' municipalities, it is legally bilingual . The Schaerbeek Cemetery, despite its name, is actually located in Evere.", "village    entity is one of the 19 bilingual municipalities of the Brussels-Capital Region in Belgium. On 1 January 2013, it had 129,293 inhabitants for an area of \u200b\u200b8.14 km2, or 15,884 inhabitants/km2. It is located in the northeast of the Brussels Region. entity is made up of many often very working-class and cosmopolitan districts.", "screen writer    entity was an American stage and film actress, civil rights activist, performer, and writer. Washington was of African American descent. She was one of the first people of color to gain recognition for film and stage work in the 1920s and 1930s.", "screen writer    entity is an American actress, born December 23, 1903 in Savannah, died June 28, 1994 in Stamford. She is generally credited Fredi Washington.", "soccer manager    entity is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the German Bundesliga. He was born in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, West Germany. Reindl played for SC Riessersee his first 12 seasons of senior team hockey. His best offensive season was 1981-2 when he scored 102 points in 43 games. He finished his career playing four seasons with Star Bulls Rosenheim. Reindl won a bronze medal at the 1976 Winter Olympics playing for West Germany. He also played at the 1984 Canada Cup.", "soccer manager    entity is a former German professional ice hockey player. Since 2014 he has been the President of the German Ice Hockey Federation.", "album    entity is the second French-language greatest hits album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released in Quebec, Canada on 22 April 1986. It includes hits from her previous seven studio albums and one new song, \"Fais ce que tu voudras\".", "album    entity is Celine Dion's fourth compilation, released in 1986 and distributed in Canada. It is made up of titles from the albums La Voix du Bon Dieu , Tellement j'ai d'amour\u2026 , Les Chemins de ma maison , M\u00e9lanie and C'est pour toi .", "album    entity is the discography of Deep Purple, an English rock band.", "album    entity is a Deep Purple album released in 2005. This concert was recorded on July 11, 1970 at the Reiterstadion in Aachen, West Germany, during an open-air festival. The recording was quickly released as a bootleg titled H-Bomb. It had several reissues thereafter, always pirated, and only saw its first official publication in 2001, under the title Space Vol. 1 & 2 .", "village    entity is a former commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune Morcenx-la-Nouvelle.", "village    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by Jamaican dancehall recording artist Sean Paul, released in several countries by Atlantic Records on 24 January 2012. The album was released eight months later in the United States.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by Jamaican dancehall artist Sean Paul, released on Atlantic Records, a subsidiary of Warner Music Group on January 27, 2012.", "comics creator    entity is a Japanese light novel series written by Sadanatsu Anda, with illustrations by Shiromizakana. It centers around five high school students facing numerous supernatural phenomena that forces them to reveal secrets that will test their bonds with each other. The series includes 11 volumes published by Enterbrain between January 2010 and September 2013. Two manga adaptations have been published by Enterbrain and Kadokawa Shoten. A 13-episode anime adaptation directed by Shin'ya Kawatsura, written by Fumihiko Shimo, and produced by Silver Link aired in Japan between July and September 2012. Four additional episodes aired on December 30, 2012. The entity franchise was localized in North America by seve", "comics creator    entity is a light novel series written by Sadanatsu Anda with illustrations by Shiromizakana. The series comprises eleven volumes published by Enterbrain between January 2010 and September 2013. Two manga adaptations have been published by Enterbrain and Kadokawa Shoten. A thirteen-episode anime television series adaptation directed by Shinya Kawamo and produced by studio Silver Link aired in Japan between July and September 2012.", "village    entity is a city on the east coast of Cyprus. It is located east of Nicosia and possesses the deepest harbour of the island. During the Middle Ages , entity was the island's most important port city and a gateway to trade with the ports of the Levant, from where the Silk Road merchants carried their goods to Western Europe. The old walled city and parts of the modern city are currently controlled by the de facto Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus as part of its Gazima\u011fusa District, of which it is the capital, but internationally recognised as a part of the Republic of Cyprus.", "village    entity is a city and a port of Cyprus, on the east coast. Its population is 39,000.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 91 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, district of Moravica.", "village    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France. It is located 35km south east of Mans, in the district. Historically, it was part of the province of Maine, in the area of . It had 306 inhabitants as of 2018. The parish church is dedicated to Saint Anne. The Ch\u00e2teau de entity is a Gothic building in the centre of the village, dating back to the 11th century.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 275 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina \u015arem, within \u015arem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres east of \u015arem and 37 km south-east of the regional capital Pozna\u0144.", "village    entity is a Polish locality in the gmina of \u015a rem in the county of \u015a rem in the Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "actor    entity is an American reality television series which focuses on the personal and professional lives of the Kardashian\u2013Jenner blended family. Its premise originated with Ryan Seacrest, who also served as an executive producer. The series premiered on the E! cable network on October 14, 2007, ran for 20 seasons, and became one of the longest-running reality television series in the US. The final season premiered on March 18, 2021.", "actor    entity is a reality TV show that tells the daily life of the Kardashian and Jenner families, broadcast since October 14, 2007 on the channel E! In France, it has been broadcast since 2010 on the channel E!, MTV Idol and MTV France as well as on the Direct Star channel, and from July 7, 2014 on NRJ 12 starting with the fifth season. In Quebec, on Musique Plus.", "sea    entity is the third studio album by English power metal band DragonForce, released on 28 December 2005 via Noise Records. Its first single, \"Through the Fire and Flames\", has received rock radio and Fuse TV airplay, and has appeared as a playable track on the video games Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock and Rocksmith 2014 Edition \u2013 Remastered. It is the band's first album to feature harsh vocals, which were recorded by Demoniac vocalist Lindsay Dawson; the album is also the last to feature bassist Adrian Lambert, who left the band in 2005 and was replaced by Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Leclercq before the album's release.", "sea    entity is the third studio album by British power metal band DragonForce, released on January 9, 2006 by Noise Records and Sanctuary Records. Music videos were shot for Through the Fire and Flames and Operation Ground And Pound.", "single    entity is a Belarusian rower. Partnering with Natallia Helakh, she won a bronze medal in the coxless pairs in 2004 and 2008, and finished in fourth place in the eights in 2000.", "single    entity is a Belarusian rower born April 1, 1983 in Minsk.", "album    entity is the eighth solo studio album by the British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on 16 March 2015 .", "album    entity is the eighth solo album by guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on March 16, 2015. The album was entitled to a vinyl format and a deluxe edition with previously unreleased songs. The musical style that emerges from the album is in correspondence with the cover, calm.", "screen writer    entity is an English-language French 2005 action-thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier. Written by Robert Mark Kamen and co-producer Luc Besson, it is the sequel to The Transporter , as well as the second installment of Transporter trilogy. The film stars Jason Statham, Alessandro Gassman, Amber Valletta, Kate Nauta, Fran\u00e7ois Berl\u00e9and, Matthew Modine, and Jason Flemyng. Both Statham and Berl\u00e9and reprise their roles as Frank Martin and Inspector Tarconi, respectively. In the story, Frank chauffeurs a young boy from Miami, Florida, who is soon kidnapped and tries to rescue him. The film was followed by Transporter 3 which was released in 2008.", "screen writer    entity is a Franco-American film directed by Louis Leterrier, released in 2005.", "comics creator    entity is a fantasy novel by American author Robert Jordan, the ninth book of his series Wheel of Time. It was published by Tor Books and released on November 7, 2000. Upon its release, it immediately rose to the #1 position on the New York Times hardcover fiction bestseller list, making it the second Wheel of Time book to reach the #1 position on that list. It remained on the list for the next two months. entity consists of a prologue and 35 chapters.", "comics creator    entity was published on November 7, 2000 by Tor Books in the United States. States and by Orbit in the United Kingdom.", "album    entity is a song by Trinidadian-American rapper and singer Nicki Minaj from her third studio album, The Pinkprint . It was released on May 21, 2014 by Young Money, Cash Money, and Republic Records as the lead single from the album. Minaj collaborated with Cirkut, Dr. Luke, and Ester Dean during the songwriting process, while Cirkut and Dr. Luke produced it.", "album    entity is a song by Trinidadian-American singer Nicki Minaj, from the album The Pink Print. The song was released on May 21, 2014 as the lead single from the album in preparation. Nicki Minaj collaborated with Cirkut, Dr. Luke and Ester Dean during the writing phase, the latter two also being responsible for its production.", "village    entity is the second-largest city in Sweden, fifth-largest in the Nordic countries, and capital of the V\u00e4stra G\u00f6taland County. It is situated by Kattegat, on the west coast of Sweden, and has a population of approximately 570,000 in the city proper and about 1 million inhabitants in the metropolitan area. entity is served by G\u00f6teborg Landvetter Airport 25 km southeast of the city center. The smaller G\u00f6teborg City Airport, 15 km from the city center, was closed to regular airline traffic in 2015.", "village    entity is the fifth largest city in the Nordic countries and the largest that is not a capital. Gothenburg is Sweden's second largest city in terms of its demographic weight as well as its industry and economic activities.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north-east of Gostynin and 105 km west of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Gostynin in Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 6 kilometers northeast of Gostynin and 105 kilometers east of west of Warsaw. The village has a population of 253 in 2010.", "soccer player    entity is a Congolese professional footballer who plays for French club Boulogne as a forward.", "soccer player    entity is a Congolese international footballer born on July 10, 1992 in Lille in the Nord department. He also has French nationality and plays as a striker at \u00e9vian Thonon Gaillard Football Club.", "album    entity is a song by the American pop rock band Maroon 5. The song was released on January 12, 2004, as the second single from their debut album Songs About Jane . The track is built around a piano-led strut and a repeating guitar sound. The lyrics are based on the band's lead vocalist Adam Levine's break-up with an ex-girlfriend. He revealed that the song was written in the \"most emotionally trying time\" in his life. He has also described the lyrics of this song as being extremely erotic. entity was critically acclaimed by music critics, who noted the track's musicscape.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band Maroon 5. The song was written by band leader Adam Levine for their debut album Songs About Jane released in 2002. The song is built around piano which is immediately followed by percussion with a synthesizer, with a repeating guitar sound and also a falsetto. The song's lyrics are based on Adam Levine's breakup with his former girlfriend.", "singer    entity is a French concert violinist and soloist.", "singer    entity is a French concert violinist soloist born in 1979.", "village    entity is a Landkreis in the southwest of the Free State of Saxony, Germany, at the borders to Thuringia, Bavaria, and the Czech Republic. Neighboring districts are Hof, Saale-Orla, Greiz, Zwickau and Erzgebirgskreis. Plauen is the administrative center of the district.", "village    entity is a district of Saxony , in the district of Chemnitz. Its chief town is Plauen. It was created on August 1, 2008, by the reform of the districts of Saxony of 2008.", "album    entity is pianist Herbie Hancock's thirty-fifth album and a million-selling Platinum-certified disc. It was Hancock's first release from his electro-funk era and an early example of instrumental hip hop.", "album    entity is an album by Herbie Hancock released in 1983.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Brandy Norwood. It was written by LaShawn Daniels, Rodney Jerkins, Kenisha Pratt, Nora Payne, and Norwood for her third studio album, Full Moon , featuring main production by Jerkins. An offbeat, aggressive high-tech track, the song's development was motivated by the fact that the singer wanted something different\u00a0\u2013 an aggressive, sexier and edgier sound with a message which would give women strength while also reflecting her own growth and maturity.", "album    entity is a song performed by American artist Brandy, released as a single on January 1, 2002 from her third album Full Moon.", "album    entity is a song by Japanese singer and songwriter Eito from his debut studio album, Sukkarakan . The song was initially self-released for digital download and streaming on 21 April 2019 as the singer's debut single, and later released through A.S.A.B. entity is an acoustic guitar-laid J-pop song, inspired by his experience of breakup.", "album    entity is the 7th single by J-pop group Melon Kinenbi, released on October 23, 2002 in Japan on the zetima label, written and produced by Tsunku. It peaked at number 12 on the Oricon chart, and remained ranked for three weeks, selling 23,310 copies during that time.", "disease    entity is the sixth studio album by the German power metal band Powerwolf, released on 17 July 2015 by Napalm Records. The band wrote it during 2014 and began recording it in January 2015 at the Studio Fredman in Gothenburg, Sweden, and was produced by Fredrik Nordstr\u00f6m. It was mastered in the Fascination Street Studios by Jens Bogren.", "disease    entity is the sixth studio album by German power metal band Powerwolf, released on July 17, 2015 by Napalm Records and produced by Fredrik Nordstr\u00f6m. Recording for the album began in January 2015.", "album    entity is a song written by American singer Michael Jackson and recorded in 2001 by Jackson and a supergroup of singers following the September 11 attacks. The inspiration for the song had initially come to Jackson after a meeting with the President of South Africa Nelson Mandela in the late 1990s. The song was to be premiered at a Jackson concert, but the singer failed to perform it. The song also failed to gain an official release, despite the pop singer having stated that it would be issued as a charity single for the refugees of the Kosovo War, which ended in 1999.", "album    entity is a charity song composed and written by Michael Jackson, and recorded by a supergroup of singers, after the attacks of September 11, 2001. The idea for the song germinated in the mind of Michael after a meeting with South African President Nelson Mandela in the late 1990s.", "village    entity is a department in central France named after the river entity. The inhabitants of the department are known as the Indriens and Indriennes . entity is part of the current administrative region of Centre-Val de Loire and is surrounded by the departments of entity-et-Loire, Loir-et-Cher, Cher, Creuse, Vienne, and Haute-Vienne. The pr\u00e9fecture is Ch\u00e2teauroux and there are three subpr\u00e9fectures at Le Blanc, La Ch\u00e2tre and Issoudun.", "village    entity is a French department in the Center region. Insee and La Poste assign it the code 36.", "actor    entity is an English actor. He is best known for portraying J.A.R.V.I.S. / Vision in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Iron Man , Iron Man 2 , The Avengers , Iron Man 3 , Avengers: Age of Ultron , Captain America: Civil War , and Avengers: Infinity War . He also played the character in two Disney+ series: the miniseries WandaVision , where he was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited or Anthology Series or Movie, and the animated series What If...? .", "actor    entity is a British actor born May 27, 1971 in Harlesden.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Detroit Red Wings, New York Rangers, Winnipeg Jets, Phoenix Coyotes, Toronto Maple Leafs, and the Chicago Blackhawks. He won the King Clancy Memorial Trophy in 1996. He also started the Kris King Hockey School summer camp in Gravenhurst, Ontario in 1987. Kris King now works for the National Hockey League as Senior Vice President of Hockey Operations for NHL's central office in Toronto.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played at left wing.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor. He began acting in the early 1990s and first gained recognition for his work in Kenneth Lonergan's play This Is Our Youth and drama film You Can Count On Me . He went on to star in the romantic comedies 13 Going on 30 and Just like Heaven and the thrillers In the Cut , Zodiac and Shutter Island ; and received a Tony Award nomination for his supporting role in the Broadway revival of Awake and Sing! in 2006. Ruffalo gained international recognition for playing Hulk in the Marvel Cinematic Universe superhero films The Avengers , Iron Man 3 , Avengers: Age of Ultron , Thor: Ragnarok , Avengers: Infinity War , Captain Marvel , Avengers:", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, producer, screenwriter and director, born November 22, 1967 in Kenosha.", "university    entity is one of the 31 National Institutes of Technology, located in Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh, India. It is one among the top NITs in the country, and like the rest of them, classified as an Institute of National Importance. The college has the distinction of being the first in the country to start an undergraduate programme in Computer Science & Engineering, in 1976-77.", "university    entity is a national institute of technology located at Allahabad in the state of Uttar Pradesh.", "film    entity is a 1973 commedia all'italiana film directed by Carlo Di Palma. It is based on the novel Memorie di una ladra written by Dacia Maraini in 1972.", "film    entity is an Italian naturalist drama directed by Carlo Di Palma in 1973.", "village    entity is a town in Meigs County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 1,598 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Meigs County.", "village    entity is the county seat of Meigs County in the state of Tennessee. At the 2010 census, its population was 1,598.", "album    entity is the second studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, released on 22 October 1969 in the United States and on 31 October 1969 in the United Kingdom by Atlantic Records. Recording sessions for the album took place at several locations in both the United Kingdom and North America from January to August 1969. The album's production was credited to the band's lead guitarist and songwriter Jimmy Page, and it was also Led Zeppelin's first album on which Eddie Kramer served as engineer.", "album    entity is the second album by Led Zeppelin, released on October 22, 1969 on Atlantic Records. This record is sometimes nicknamed \"Brown Bomber\" in reference to the dominant color of its cover. A precursor to heavy metal and hard rock, entity inspired a whole new rock generation, including Aerosmith, Van Halen and Guns N'Roses. The most popular tracks from this album are Heartbreaker, Living Loving Maid and Whole Lotta Love.", "album    entity is a Finnish extreme metal band that started as black metal but have incorporated elements of grindcore, thrash metal and death metal, and have grown more towards hardcore punk.", "album    entity is a Finnish Metal band formed in 1990. Very provocative and with often satanist texts, but also sometimes relatively offbeat, the band is characterized by very violent music: less melodic than most black metal bands, but more structured and with a higher pitched voice than the majority of death metal bands. He characterizes their music as Nuclear Metal.", "comics creator    entity is a French entrepreneur, blogger for Business Insider and super angel, with more than 200 investments around the world, including Alibaba Group, Airbnb, Beepi, FanDuel, Palantir, and Windeln. Grinda is the co-founder and former CEO of Aucland, Zingy, and OLX and is a frequent conference speaker on trends in technology, emerging markets, and investing.", "comics creator    entity is a French entrepreneur and business angel.", "political party    entity was the continuation of the Roman Empire in its eastern provinces during Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages, when its capital city was Constantinople. It survived the fragmentation and fall of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century AD and continued to exist for an additional thousand years until it fell to the Ottoman Empire in 1453. During most of its existence, the empire was the most powerful economic, cultural, and military force in Europe.", "political party    entity is characterized by its longevity: it draws its origins from the very foundation of Rome, and the dating of its beginnings changes according to the criteria chosen by each historian. The foundation of Constantinople, its capital, by Constantine I in 330, as much as the division of an increasingly difficult Roman Empire", "soccer player    entity is a Finnish football midfielder who currently plays for JJK in Finland.", "soccer player    entity is a Finnish footballer, born September 8, 1982 in Tampere. He evolves as an attacker.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor, comedian, director, producer and writer. Two of his best-known works were It's Garry Shandling's Show and The Larry Sanders Show. During his four-decade career, Shandling was nominated for 19 Primetime Emmy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards, along with many other awards and nominations. He served as host of the Grammy Awards four times and as host of the Emmy Awards three times.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, screenwriter, producer and director born November 29, 1949 in Chicago, Illinois.", "film    entity is a 1933 British film which was directed and co-produced by Alexander Korda and starring Charles Laughton, Robert Donat, Merle Oberon and Elsa Lanchester. The film focuses on the marriages of King Henry VIII of England. It was written by Lajos B\u00edr\u00f3 and Arthur Wimperis for London Film Productions, Korda's production company. The film was a major international success, establishing Korda as a leading filmmaker and Laughton as a box office star.", "film    entity is a British film directed by Alexander Korda, released in 1933.", "village    entity is a municipality of Almer\u00eda province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain. In 2018, the population was 1,938. Its surface area is 441.31 square kilometres with a population density of 4.39 per square kilometre . Its geographical co-ordinates are 37\u00b0 41'N 2\u00b0 05'W. It is located at an altitude of 1,070 metres and 164 kilometres from the provincial capital, Almeria. It belongs to the Los V\u00e9lez region.", "village    entity is a municipality in the province of Almer\u00eda in Andalusia in southern Spain.", "village    entity is a district of West London, England, 4.3 miles southwest of Charing Cross. It is the administrative centre of the London Borough of entity and Fulham, and identified in the London Plan as one of 35 major centres in Greater London.", "village    entity is a very active district of greater London, located in the district of entity and Fulham, on the north bank of the Thames, about 8 km west of Charing Cross. Formerly a poor area, forming an industrial district, entity was inhabited by craftsmen, laborers and staff employed by the bourgeois class.", "single    entity was an American United States Army major who was killed in action while serving as a member of the United States Army Air Forces during World War II and posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor. He was one of the most decorated American fighter pilots and the second highest scoring American ace of the war. McGuire was memorialized by the renaming of Fort Dix Army Air Force Base in Burlington County, New Jersey, to McGuire Air Force Base in 1948.", "single    entity was one of the most decorated American combat pilots of World War II. With thirty-eight victories at the time of his death, he remains the second greatest American ace of the war, behind Richard Bong. The Medal of Honor was granted to him posthumously. In his honor, Fort Dix Air Force Base in New Jersey was renamed McGuire Air Force Base in 1948.", "sea    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released in February 1993 as the fifth and final single from their eponymous fifth album, Metallica. The music video for the single was released in October 1992.", "sea    entity is a song by heavy metal band Metallica recorded on their fifth studio album Metallica. The song was released as the fifth single from the mid-1992 album. The lyrical theme is based on the movie Magic but it is also possible to see a reference to the myth of the Doppleganger.", "album    entity is the third studio album by electronic music artist Leila, released by Warp in 2008. It peaked at number 33 on the UK Dance Albums Chart.", "album    entity is Leila's third studio album, released by Warp Records in July 2008.", "album    entity is the second EP by pop group Big Time Rush. The EP is the soundtrack of the television film Big Time Movie, which is based on the Nickelodeon series Big Time Rush. It was released on March 6, 2012.", "album    entity is the title of the Bonus album Big Time Rush. Released on March 6, 2012 on the Colombia Records label, it is made up of 6 Beatles songs.Portail de la musique Portail de la musique", "album    entity is a song by English rock musician Peter Gabriel from his 1986 album So. It was his second top-ten single on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at no. 8.", "album    entity is a song by Peter Gabriel from his 1986 album So.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race that took place at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Spa, Belgium on 2 September 2012, the first race after a five-week summer break. It was the twelfth race of the 2012 season, and the seventy-seventh running of the Belgian Grand Prix. Jenson Button started from pole position and won the race. Sebastian Vettel finished second and Kimi R\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen third. The race featured a five-car collision at La Source, for which Romain Grosjean received a race ban.", "formula one team    entity is the 870th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950.", "village    entity is a railway station located in the commune of entity in the Somme department, France. The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains from Amiens to Laon. Its elevation is 94 m.", "village    entity is a French railway station on the line from Amiens to Laon, located 1,500 m south of the city center of Chaulnes, in the Somme department in the Picardy region. It was commissioned in 1867 by the Northern Railway Company. It is a station of the French National Railway Company, served by TER Picardie trains.", "village    entity is a city in Central-Northern Italy and the capital city of the Tuscany region. It is the most populated city in Tuscany, with 383,084 inhabitants in 2013, and over 1,520,000 in its metropolitan area. entity plays an important role in Italian fashion, and is ranked in the top 15 fashion capitals of the world by Global Language Monitor; furthermore, it is a major national economic centre, as well as a tourist and industrial hub. It is the 4th richest Italian city.", "village    entity is the eighth largest city in Italy by population, capital of the Tuscany region and capital of the province of the same name. Cradle of the Renaissance in Italy, capital of the Kingdom of Italy between 1865 and 1870, listed on the UNESCO World Heritage List, entity has a great artistic wealth, and has become a major tourist center.", "prefecture    entity is the capital and the largest city of Georgia, lying on the banks of the Kura River with a population of approximately 1.5 million people. Tbilisi was founded in the 5th century AD by Vakhtang I of Iberia, and since then has served as the capital of various Georgian kingdoms and republics. Between 1801 and 1917, then part of the Russian Empire, Tiflis was the seat of the Caucasus Viceroyalty, governing both the northern and southern part of the Caucasus.", "prefecture    entity is the largest city and the capital of the Republic of Georgia. Lying on the banks of the Kura River, its name derives from the ancient Georgian Tp'ilisi. Traditionally called Tiflis in most languages, its local name spread by Stalin's will from 1935.", "mountain    entity is a 2,119-metre-high mountain in the eastern Kitzb\u00fchel Alps in Tyrol, Austria. The valley base for the Wildseeloder is Fieberbrunn in the . On its northern slopes is a ski area. The summit, which has no lifts up to it, is a popular ski touring destination in winter. West of the Wildseeloder is a lake, the Wildsee, in a cirque hollow. entityhaus stands on its shore. The easiest ascent to the Wildseeloder runs from Fieberbrunn to the north, over the L\u00e4rchfilzkogel past the Wildseeloderhaus.", "mountain    entity is a mountain that rises 2,118 m above sea level in the Kitzb\u00fchel Alps, Austria.", "cricketer    entity is a New Zealand professional basketball player for the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association . After playing one season with his hometown team Wellington Saints in 2011, Adams moved to the United States in 2012 to play college basketball for Pittsburgh. In June 2013, he was selected by the Oklahoma City Thunder with the 12th overall pick in the 2013 NBA draft.", "cricketer    entity is a New Zealand basketball player. He plays at the pivot position.", "military conflict    entity is an EP and the debut release by German thrash metal band Destruction, released on 10 November 1984 by Steamhammer Records.", "military conflict    entity is the debut EP from German thrash metal band Destruction. The album was released in Germany in 1984 under the Steamhammer Records label, then in the United States in 1985. They called the music on this EP \"Black Speed \u200b\u200bMetal\".", "album    entity is a compilation of King Diamond songs, released in 1988 by Roadrunner Records. This album contains five tracks , released on previous albums, but are mostly unrelated in their stories .", "album    entity is an EP by King Diamond released on November 1, 1988.", "village    entity is one of the fifteen districts in Upper East Region, Ghana. Originally created as an ordinary district assembly in 1988; which was established by Legislative Instrument 1446. The municipality is located in the central part of Upper East Region and has Bongo as its capital town.", "village    entity is one of the 9 districts of the Upper Eastern Region of Ghana.", "screen writer    entity was a Scottish-Canadian short story writer and novelist.", "screen writer    entity was a British-Canadian writer and novelist. He sometimes uses the pseudonym Luke Sharp.", "comics creator    entity was a major Hellenistic Greek philosopher born and raised in Roman Egypt, regarded by modern scholarship as the founder of Neoplatonism. His teacher was the self-taught philosopher Ammonius Saccas, who belonged to the Platonic tradition. Historians of the 19th century invented the term \"Neoplatonism\" and applied it to refer to entity and his philosophy, which was vastly influential during Late Antiquity, the Middle Ages, and the Renaissance. Much of the biographical information about entity comes from Porphyry's preface to his edition of entity' most notable literary work, The Enneads. In his metaphysical writings, entity described three fundamental principles: the One, the Intellect, and the Soul. His works have", "comics creator    entity is the main representative of the philosophical current called \"neoplatonism\". He set up his school in Rome in 246, Amelius was his first disciple. His rereading of Plato's Dialogues was an important source of inspiration for Christian thought in full formation at the time and for Saint Augustine, it profoundly influenced Western philosophy.", "soccer manager    entity is a Swedish former professional ice hockey left winger. In his career, he spent time with several National Hockey League teams as well as various minor professional teams in North America, but mostly played for Fr\u00f6lunda HC in the Swedish Elitserien. He is the younger brother of former hockey player Mikael Andersson and the father of Lias Andersson.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player.", "old territory    entity is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2010 census, the population was 134,063. Its county seat is Wausau. It was founded in 1850, created from a portion of Portage County. At that time the county stretched to the northern border with the upper Michigan peninsula. It is named after the battlefield at Marathon, Greece. entity comprises the Wausau, WI Metropolitan Statistical Area and is included in the Wausau-Stevens Point-Wisconsin Rapids, WI Combined Statistical Area.", "old territory    entity is a county located in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. Its seat is Wausau. According to the 2000 census, its population was 125,834.", "vice president    entity is a subsidiary of Boeing Australia Ltd.", "vice president    entity is now known as Hawker de Havilland Aerospace Pty Ltd, a subsidiary of Boeing Australia Ltd.", "album    entity is an American new wave band formed in Athens, Georgia, in 1976. The original lineup consisted of Fred Schneider , Kate Pierson , Cindy Wilson , Ricky Wilson , and Keith Strickland . Ricky Wilson died of AIDS-related illness in 1985, and Strickland switched from drums to lead guitar. The band also added various members for albums and live performances.", "album    entity are an American band from Athens, Georgia, which emerged during the wave of new wave music in the late 1970s.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a North Germanic language spoken natively by at least 10 million people, predominantly in Sweden and in parts of Finland, where it has equal legal standing with Finnish. It is largely mutually intelligible with Norwegian and Danish, although the degree of mutual intelligibility is largely dependent on the dialect and accent of the speaker. Written Norwegian and Danish are usually more easily understood by entity speakers than the spoken languages, due to the differences in tone, accent, and intonation. entity is a descendant of Old Norse, the common language of the Germanic peoples living in Scandinavia during the Viking Era. It has more speakers than any other North Germanic language.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a Scandinavian language spoken by around 9 million speakers, mainly in Sweden and Finland, the two countries where it is an official language. Like the other Scandinavian languages, it comes from Old Norse, the language common to all the Germanic people of Scandinavia during the Viking Age. It remains today mutually intelligible with Danish and Norwegian.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gr\u81cbbk\u8d38w, within W\u81cbgr\u8d38w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village, located in Gr\u0119bk\u00f3w Gmina of W\u0119gr\u00f3w Powiat and Mazovian Voivodeship in east -central Poland.", "album    entity is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith. The song, originally a track left off the Nine Lives album, was included on Armageddon: The Album for the 1998 film Armageddon starring lead singer Steven Tyler's daughter Liv Tyler. The song, was released as a promotional single to rock radio, reaching #4 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart. It was written by Steven Tyler, guitarist Joe Perry and outside songwriters Jack Blades and Tommy Shaw . It is the second song written for the film, the other being \"I Don't Want to Miss a Thing\".", "album    entity is a song by hard rock band Aerosmith. This song, composed by Jack Blades, Steven Tyler and Joe Perry appears on the soundtrack of the movie Armageddon released in 1998. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "single    entity was an English woman of aristocratic background, whose decade-long secret adultery with Charles Stewart Parnell led to a widely publicized divorce in 1890 and his political downfall.", "single    entity was a woman from the English aristocracy born January 30, 1846 and died February 5, 1921. relations that his family had maintained for many years with Charles Stewart Parnell caused the decline of the latter's political career.", "single    entity is a 2013 American crime thriller film directed by David M. Rosenthal and written by Matthew F. Jones, based on his own novel of the same name. It stars Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy, Ted Levine, Kelly Reilly and Jason Isaacs.", "single    entity is a 2013 British-American-Canadian thriller by David M. Rosenthal.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Monaco on 31 May 1981. It was the sixth race of the 1981 Formula One World Championship. The 76-lap race was won by Canadian driver Gilles Villeneuve, driving a Ferrari. Brazilian Nelson Piquet took pole position in his Brabham-Ford and led until he crashed out on lap 54. Australian Alan Jones finished second in a Williams-Ford, with Frenchman Jacques Laffite third in a Ligier-Matra.", "formula one team    Results of the 1981 Monaco Grand Prix, raced at the Monaco circuit on May 31, 1981.", "vice president    entity is one of 205 colleges accredited to award engineering degrees in France. ENAC is designated as a grande \u00e9cole by the Conf\u00e9rence des Grandes \u00e9coles , a non-profit organisation which certifies and monitors grandes \u00e9coles . ENAC was founded on 28 August 1949 to provide initial and continuing education in the field of civil aviation. The school is an \u00e9tablissement public \u00e0 caract\u00e8re scientifique, culturel et professionnel , and operates under the oversight of the Ministry of Ecological Transition. Affiliated with the University of Toulouse and Aerospace Valley, it is one of the five founders of", "vice president    entity is a major French school founded on August 28, 1949, whose mission is to provide initial training and advanced training for executives and key players in civil aviation.", "village    entity is a town in Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the town has a population of 1661 people. Located on the edge of an old landslide. In the middle of 20th century, Donja Sinkovce was 3 kilometers away from Leskovac. Now Leskovac has expanded to entity, so they have merged into one settlement. None of the settlement near Leskovac has grown into such a prominent settlement, as entity.", "village    entity is a locality in Serbia located in the territory of the City of Leskovac, district of Jablanica.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in Germany. Its capital city is Wiesbaden, and the largest urban area is Frankfurt. With an area of 21,000 square kilometers and a population of just over six million it ranks seventh and fifth respectively among the sixteen German states. Frankfurt Rhine-Main, Germany's second-largest metropolitan area , is mainly located in Hesse.", "governmental administrative region    entity is one of the sixteen states that make up Germany. The capital is Wiesbaden, the largest city is Frankfurt am Main.", "album    entity is a song by American punk rock group the Offspring. It is the tenth track on their fourth studio album, Ixnay on the Hombre , and was released as its lead single in January 1997. It reached No. 31 in the United Kingdom and No. 15 in Australia. In the US, it peaked at No. 13 on Modern Rock Tracks. The song also appears as the fifth track on their Greatest Hits . The single was also the shortest single to be released by the band.", "album    entity is the 10th track on the album Ixnay on the Hombre by Californian punk rock band The Offspring. Released in February 1997 and lasting 1 minute and 56 seconds, it was the first single from the album. It reached #31 in the UK and #15 in Australia.", "village    entity is a census-designated place in the San Gabriel Valley, in Los Angeles County, California, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 22,822, up from 21,776 at the 2000 census.", "village    entity is a city in California located in Los Angeles County. In 2000, the population was composed of 21776 inhabitants. Portal of California Portal of California", "basketball team    entity were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. They played in Peoria, Illinois, at the Carver Arena. After the 2012\u201313 AHL season, the team relocated to Utica, New York, and became the Utica Comets.", "basketball team    entity are a professional ice hockey franchise that existed from 2005 to 2013. Logo: A steamboat pilot at the helm. Division Titles: None Regular Season Titles: None Championships Won: None", "album    entity is a song recorded by American pop singer Kelly Clarkson for her second studio album, Breakaway . It was written by Clarkson along with its producers David Hodges and Ben Moody, both from Evanescence. It was released on August 16, 2005, by RCA Records, as the third single from Breakaway. Clarkson originally wrote entity when she was 16 years old to cope with the emotional distress caused by her parents' divorce. She wanted the song to be included on her debut studio album, Thankful , but her record label rejected the song. She then polished the song with Hodges and Moody before successfully convincing her label to include it on Breakaway.", "album    entity is a song performed by American singer Kelly Clarkson. It is written by Clarkson, David Hodges and Ben Moody, and produced by the latter two. The track was released as the fourth single from Kelly's second album, Breakaway. Clarkson originally wrote entity when she was 16 when her parents separated.", "album    entity is an instrumental 12-bar blues by the Beatles. It was recorded in 1965, but was not commercially available until 1996 when an edited version of take 2 of the song was included on the Anthology 2 album. Prior to editing, the length of take 2 was 6:36. entity was the Beatles' first instrumental after signing for EMI, and was produced by George Martin at EMI's Abbey Road Studios, London. Four other instrumentals by the group are the aforementioned \"Flying\", an outtake version of that song called \"Aerial Tour Instrumental\", \"Cayenne\" and \"Cry for a Shadow\".", "album    entity is an instrumental track by The Beatles, and one of the few whose composition is credited to the entire band. Conceived during the course of time allocated for the production of the album Rubber Soul, the track was recorded on November 4, 1965, but quickly dropped from the selection of titles to be released. Having remained in the studio archives for thirty years, it was not released on the Anthology 2 compilation until March 18, 1996.", "screen writer    entity was a French director, producer and screenwriter. In a career that lasted more than 50 years, he directed 48 films between 1913 and 1959, produced 17 between 1925 and 1967 and wrote 21 screenplays between 1916 and 1971.", "screen writer    entity is a screenwriter, director and producer of French cinema, born on June 9, 1895 in Paris 9th, city where he died on May 7, 1972 in the 5th arrondissement. He is the grandfather of the filmmaker J\u00e9r\u00f4me Diamant-Berger born in 1950.", "cricketer    entity is a New Zealand professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Burnley and the New Zealand national team, of which he is vice-captain. Wood has been capped 59 times for the New Zealand national team, scoring 25 goals. He played for the side at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and was part of the squad that won the 2016 OFC Nations Cup.", "cricketer    entity is a New Zealand footballer who plays as a striker. Trained in England at West Bromwich Albion FC with whom he made his professional debut in April 2009, he is presented as one of great hopes of New Zealand football.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian former ice hockey player. He was drafted by the NHL's Chicago Blackhawks 74th overall in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft and played 43 regular season games for the Blackhawks, scoring 9 goals and 7 assists for 16 points. After the NHL lockout, Radulov returned to Russia with HC Spartak Moscow. In 2006, he had short stints with Metallurg Novokuznezk of the Russian Superleague and with HC Dmitrov of the Vysshaya Liga before signing with the Superleague's Vityaz Chekhov. During the 2008-09 KHL season, Radulov signed with Salavat Yulaev Ufa.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a striker. He is the brother of Aleksandr Radoulov.", "album    entity is the tenth single by the English new wave band Duran Duran, released on 23 January 1984 in the United Kingdom. The second single to be taken from the band's third album Seven and the Ragged Tiger , the song was another success, reaching the top ten on both the UK and US charts. On 11 February 1984, the single reached number nine on the UK Singles Chart and on 17 March, it reached number ten on the US Billboard Hot 100, after entering on 14 January 1984 at number 56. It did not chart well in Australia and Scandinavia, territories where its predecessor, \"Union of the Snake\", had been a big hit. This trend was reversed with the next single, \"The Reflex\", which became a worldwide number-one hit.", "album    entity is a song by Duran Duran released as a single in 1984. It is the second single from the band's third studio album, Seven and the Ragged Tiger, released in 1983.", "album    entity is a song by English rock band Muse, serving as the title track for their third studio album, Absolution. It was released in May 2004 as the fourth single from that album, peaking at number 16 in the UK Singles Chart. The song also appears on the Absolution Tour DVD. A live acoustic version of the song serves as a B-side for the \"Butterflies and Hurricanes\" single.", "album    entity is a song by alternative rock band Muse, fourth single from the album Absolution. Released in May 2004, it went directly to 16th place in the English charts. The track also appears on the Absolution Tour DVD as a B-side to Butterflies and Hurricanes, in an acoustic version.", "village    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin d\u00e9partement in Grand Est in north-eastern France. Between 1974 and 2007 entity-Bosselshausen was a single commune, but in January 2007, Bosselshausen and entity communes were separated. entity is known for its cabaret, the Royal Palace.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Bas-Rhin in Alsace. It was merged between March 1, 1974 and January 1, 2007 with the commune of Bosselshausen. retroactive to January 1, 2007.", "album    entity was a German krautrock group active from 1970 to 1976, Manuel G\u00f6ttsching's first prominent musical output. entity featured revolving members. G\u00f6ttsching retired the use of the entity name after he became the sole remaining member. His first solo album Inventions for Electric Guitar was the last album to bear the entity name. G\u00f6ttsching later used the name Ashra for his solo output as an homage to his former group. Ashra eventually evolved into a full band and continued along with G\u00f6ttsching until 1998.", "album    entity is a German Krautrock band founded in 1970 by Klaus Schulze, Manuel G\u00f6ttsching and Hartmut Enke.", "album    entity are an Irish band formed in 1970 in Gweedore, County Donegal by siblings Ciar\u00e1n, P\u00f3l, and Moya Brennan and their twin uncles Noel and P\u00e1draig Duggan. They have adopted various musical styles throughout their history, including folk, folk rock, traditional Irish, Celtic and new-age music, often incorporating elements of smooth jazz and Gregorian chant.", "album    entity was an early member of the group. It won a Grammy Award in 1999 for Best New Age Album.", "album    entity was a Manchester-based British independent record label founded in 1978 by Tony Wilson and Alan Erasmus. The label featured several important acts on its roster, including Joy Division, New Order, A Certain Ratio, the Durutti Column, Happy Mondays, Northside, and Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark and James. Factory also ran The Ha\u00e7ienda nightclub, in partnership with New Order.", "album    entity is an English independent label founded in Manchester in 1978 by Tony Wilson and Alan Erasmus, which counts among its catalog several leading groups of the British rock scene of the time, namely Joy Division, New Order, A Certain Ratio, The Durutti Column, Happy Mondays, and James and Orchestral Maneuvers in the Dark.", "skyscraper    entity is a museum of Fine Arts on Pushkin street in Odessa, Ukraine.", "skyscraper    entity was founded in 1924 and located in a mansion built in 1856 according to plans by architect Ludwig Otton for the family of Count Alexander Abaza.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in Central America. The republic of Honduras is bordered to the west by Guatemala, to the southwest by El Salvador, to the southeast by Nicaragua, to the south by the Pacific Ocean at the Gulf of Fonseca, and to the north by the Gulf of Honduras, a large inlet of the Caribbean Sea. Its capital and largest city is Tegucigalpa.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country located in Central America, which ranks second in area just after Nicaragua and in population after Guatemala.", "village    entity is the capital and largest city of Lebanon. As of 2014, Greater entity has a population of 2.2 million, which makes it the third-largest city in the Levant region. The city is situated on a peninsula at the midpoint of Lebanon's Mediterranean coast. entity has been inhabited for more than 5,000 years, and was one of Phoenicia's most prominent city states, making it one of the oldest cities in the world. The first historical mention of entity is found in the Amarna letters from the New Kingdom of Egypt, which date to the 15th century BC.", "village    entity is the capital of Lebanon and the most important city in the country. It is a metropolis. It has about 360,000 inhabitants and the urban agglomeration has between 1.8 and 2 million inhabitants, or nearly 50% of the country's population. The city forms the governorate of entity, the only one that is not divided into districts. It houses the seat of government.", "tennis player    entity is a Kazakh-born German professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for EV Landshut of the DEL2. He has also played in the Kontinental Hockey League. Due to his Russian German descent he also holds Russian citizenship. Internationally P\u00e4tzold has represented the German national team at several tournaments, including the 2010 Winter Olympics.", "tennis player    entity is a German professional ice hockey player. He plays as a goalkeeper.", "village    entity is a village in Otwock County, Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory.The population is near 250. From 1975 to 1998 village was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 3 kilometres south-west of Sobienie-Jeziory, 23 km south of Otwock, and 40 km south-east of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Sobienie-Jeziory in the county of Otwock in the Masovian Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. It is located about 3 kilometers south -west of Sobienie-Jeziory, 23 kilometers south of Otwock and 40 kilometers southeast of Warsaw. The village has a population of approximately 250 inhabitants.", "album    entity is the third studio album and second non-Christmas album by American R&B quartet Boyz entity Men, released on August 30, 1994, on Motown Records. It contained the No. 1 singles \"I'll Make Love to You\" and \"On Bended Knee\", the latter of which replaced the former at the top of the Billboard Hot 100, making the group the third artist to replace themselves at No. 1 in the United States after Elvis Presley and The Beatles and the first to achieve the feat in 30 years.", "album    entity is the second studio album by vocal quartet Boyz entity Men, released in August 1994 on Motown Records. It features hits like I'll Make Love to You and On Bended Knee, the latter replacing the first single at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, making Boyz entity Men the third band to replace themselves at the top spot in the charts in the United States, after Elvis Presley and The Beatles, and the only one to do so in 30 years.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day. It is the fifth track on their ninth studio album \u00a1Uno! , and was released as the second single, on August 14, 2012. It is also the second from the \u00a1Uno!, \u00a1Dos! & \u00a1Tr\u00e9! trilogy. The song was recorded at Jingletown Studios from February 14 to June 26, 2012, and was released on the record labels Reprise Records and Warner Bros. A music video, directed by Samuel Bayer, was released on September 4, 2012.", "album    entity is a song by American punk rock band Green Day. It was released on August 15, 2012 as the second single from \u00a1Uno!, the band's ninth studio album.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gubin, within Krosno Odrza\u8245skie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border. It lies approximately 14 kilometres south of Gubin, 37 km south-west of Krosno Odrza\u8245skie, and 58 km west of Zielona G\u8d38ra. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany .", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Gubin in Krosno Odrza\u0144skie County, Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.", "album    entity is the second studio album by English Britpop band Sleeper, first released in May 1996 . It was their most successful album, selling over 300,000 copies in the UK alone. The album was released internationally; the US version has a different track listing along with alternative photos in the linear booklet.", "album    entity is the second studio album by British pop band Sleeper. Made in 1996, it contains four titles which will be released as singles, What Do I Do Now?, Sale of the Century, Nice Guy Eddie and Statuesque. The album, produced by Stephen Street, was released on CD, cassette, LP and double LP.", "government agency    entity is a cabinet-level ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany. Its main office is at the former German Chancellery in Bonn with a second major office at the Europahaus in Berlin.", "government agency    entity is the department of the German Federal Government responsible for economic development assistance.", "island    entity is Norway's longest and most voluminous river. With a total length of 621 kilometres , it has a drainage basin that covers fully 13% of Norway's surface area, all in the southern part of the country.", "island    entity is Norway's main river, the longest in all of Scandinavia.", "tennis player    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He most recently played for Admiral Vladivostok in the Kontinental Hockey League .", "tennis player    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her third EP, The Fame Monster . Inspired by her \"Fear of Attachment Monster\", the record was produced by Nadir \"RedOne\" Khayat, and written by Gaga, RedOne and Space Cowboy. Gaga had explained that entity describes her fear of sex and relationships, and described the lyrics as being in love with the bad boy all the time, but instead of running away, one keeps going back to the same person. She added that the fear in entity erupted from her need to have a stable relationship. Incorporating the usage of heavy bass lines, descending keyboard lines and \"massive\" choruses, entity contains zombie-like metaphors and a reference to Gaga's debut single \"Just Dance\".", "album    entity is a song by American artist Lady Gaga, from her second album, The Fame entity. It is written by Gaga, Space Cowboy and RedOne, who are also producing the track. Gaga explains that entity describes her fear of sex and relationships. She claims that the lyrics are about how she always falls in love with bad boys, and instead of running away, she keeps a passion for those kind of people.", "village    entity is a mountain of the Fribourg Prealps, located on the border between the cantons of Fribourg and Vaud in western Switzerland. Reaching a height of 2,389 metres above sea level, the Vanil Noir is the highest summit of the canton of Fribourg and of the Alpine foothills lying north of the Saane and Simme . It is also the northernmost point in the canton of Vaud above 2,300 metres and the most prominent summit of both cantons.", "village    entity is a summit of the Friborg Pre-Alps culminating at 2,389 meters above sea level, located on the border between the canton of Friborg and the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing with EHC Biel of the National League . He has previously played with Lausanne HC of the NL and with the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League . He was selected by the Blues in the 6th round of the 2012 NHL Entry Draft.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "comics creator    entity was a British-American rapper and record producer. Noted for his intricate wordplay, signature metal mask, and \"supervillain\" stage persona, Dumile became a major figure of underground hip hop and alternative hip hop in the 2000s. After his death, Variety described him as one of the scene's \"most celebrated, unpredictable and enigmatic figures\".", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper and music producer. He has the distinction of having used several pseudonyms in his career: Zev Love X, King Geedorah, Metal Fingers, Viktor Vaughn or even DOOM.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by rapper Daz Dillinger, released March 31, 1998 on Death Row Records and Priority Records. entity sold 500,000 copies, the album was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America .", "album    entity is Daz Dillinger's debut studio album, released on March 31, 1998. The album ranked #2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #8 on the Billboard 200.", "album    entity is the third and final studio album by American rock supergroup Audioslave. It was released on September 4, 2006 internationally and a day later in the United States, by Epic Records and Interscope Records. The band's lead vocalist Chris Cornell departed from the band shortly after the album's release in February 2007, and the band later split in the same year.", "album    entity is the third and last album of the American rock band Audioslave. It was released on September 4, 2006. Chris Cornell sought a much more soulful voice in the style of the band Earth, Wind and Fire but will remain in the rock spirit of Audioslave .In an interview, Tom Morello, the guitarist, announced this third album as rather committed compared to the previous ones.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, featuring Fun's lead singer Nate Ruess. It features production from Emile Haynie, Jeff Bhasker, and Eminem himself. In the song, Eminem apologizes to his mother, Debbie Mathers, for criticizing her in his earlier songs and for showing scorn and resentment towards her in the past. It was released on February 5, 2014 as the album's fifth and the final single. It peaked at number 45 on the Billboard Hot 100.", "album    entity is a song written and performed by American rapper Eminem. This title is the fifteenth track of The Marshall Mathers LP 2, the eighth studio album of the rapper released in 2013. The singer Nate Ruess, leader of the indie pop group Fun, collaborates for the first time with Eminem by lending his voice to the chorus, at the introduction and at the bridge. The song is produced by Emile Haynie who had already worked with Eminem as well as Fun, Jeff Bhasker who co-wrote the title We Are Youn", "comics creator    entity was an English theoretical chemist who made significant contributions to the theory of valency and chemical bonding.", "comics creator    entity is a theoretician of chemistry known mainly for his significant contribution to the theory of valence. After studying at the Rugby School, Sidgwick continued his training at Christ Church before obtaining a doctorate at the University of T\u00fcbingen. He made a career at Oxford where he obtained the title of Fellow at Lincoln College in 1901. He was also honored by the Royal Society in 1922.", "village    entity is the capital city of the Zaragoza Province and of the autonomous community of Aragon, Spain. It lies by the Ebro river and its tributaries, the Huerva and the G\u00e1llego, roughly in the center of both Aragon and the Ebro basin. Zaragoza hosted Expo 2008 in the summer of 2008, a world's fair on water and sustainable development. It was also a candidate for the European Capital of Culture in 2012.", "village    entity is a Spanish city, capital of the province of the same name and of Aragon. It has 679,624 inhabitants in 2012. It is the fifth largest city in Spain by population. An important treaty was signed in entity in 1529 between Spaniards and Portuguese for the sharing of the discoveries of the New World.", "screen writer    entity is a British former Formula One racing driver from Scotland. Nicknamed the \"Flying Scot\", he competed in Formula One between 1965 and 1973, winning three World Drivers' Championships and twice finishing as runner-up over those nine seasons. Outside of Formula One, he narrowly missed out on a win at his first attempt at the Indianapolis 500 in 1966, and competed in the Can-Am series in 1970 and 1971. Between 1997 and 1999, in partnership with his son, Paul, he was team principal of the Stewart Grand Prix Formula One racing team.", "screen writer    entity is a former Formula 1 racing driver, who raced between 1965 and 1973, winning three world championship titles. With his son Paul, he ran the Stewart Grand Prix team for three seasons, from 1997 to 1999, which he then sold to Ford, which ran it under the name Jaguar Racing.", "album    entity is a track by English hard rock band Def Leppard from their 1983 album, Pyromania. An edited version was released as a single in Mexico that same year.", "album    entity is a song by Def Leppard. It opens the album Pyromania released on January 20, 1983. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Chanson section", "village    entity is a municipality of Almer\u00eda province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.", "village    entity is a municipality in the province of Almer\u00eda, Andalusia, Spain.", "album    entity is the fourth album by American funk band Parliament, released on December 15, 1975 on Casablanca Records. This concept album is often rated among the best Parliament-Funkadelic releases, and was the first to feature horn players Maceo Parker and Fred Wesley, who had previously backed James Brown in the J.B.'s. entity became Parliament's first album to be certified gold and later platinum. The Library of Congress added the album to the National Recording Registry in 2011, declaring \"The album has had an enormous influence on jazz, rock and dance music.\"", "album    entity is Parliament's third album released by Casablanca Records in December 1975. This album was ranked in the 200 greatest albums of all time according to the perfect rock odyssey disco and it is ranked 276th among the 500 greatest albums of all time according to Rolling Stone.", "album    entity is the second studio album by John Frusciante. It was released on August 26, 1997 on Birdman Records, while Frusciante was addicted to drugs and was no longer performing with Red Hot Chili Peppers. The record is an amalgamation of songs from various periods of time, mainly extras not included on Frusciante's debut Niandra Lades and Usually Just a T-Shirt ; included, however, are several tracks recorded in 1993, 1994, 1996 and \"A Fall Thru the Ground\" from 1988.", "album    entity is the second solo album by John Frusciante, guitarist of the Red Hot Chili Peppers from 1988 to 1992 and from 1998 to 2009.", "village    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Konstancin-Jeziorna, which lies approximately 8 kilometres east of Piaseczno and 17 km south-east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 78.28 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 23,229 .", "village    entity is an urban-rural or mixed gmina in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is one of nine administrative districts of Southern and Eastern Serbia. It covers the southern part of Serbia, bordering the disputed territory of Kosovo, along with Bulgaria and North Macedonia. Its administrative center is the city of Vranje. The Vranjska Banja spa plays a part in this region, with its multi-medicinal thermal mineral waters.", "village    entity is an administrative subdivision of the R epublic of Serbia. At the 2011 census, it officially had a population of 158,717. The administrative center of the P\u010dinja district is the town of Vranje.", "film    entity is a 1991 film written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff and starring Alan Rickman, Clive Owen and Saskia Reeves as well as Lesley Sharp and Karl Johnson. Music was by Michael Gibbs and the film was produced for Beambright and FilmFour International by Therese Pickard. It had a limited theatrical release from 6 September 1991, before being shown in Channel 4's Film on Four strand on 28 October 1993.", "film    entity is a 1992 British drama film directed by Stephen Poliakoff.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band the Black Keys. It is the opening track from their 2011 studio album El Camino and was released as the record's lead single on October 26, 2011. The song is also the A-side of a promotional 12-inch single that was released in commemoration of Record Store Day's \"Back to Black\" Friday event. The single was accompanied by a popular one-shot music video of a man dancing and lip-synching the lyrics.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band The Black Keys, the first single from the album El Camino. The single was released on October 26, 2011 through Nonesuch Records.", "album    entity was an English alternative rock band that formed in London, England in 1999 by vocalist KatieJane Garside and guitarist Crispin Gray, who had previously collaborated in the celebrated but short-lived band Daisy Chainsaw. Garside and Gray, who had earned a reputation for their abrasive songwriting with Daisy Chainsaw, incorporated elements of blues rock and other genres with entity, in addition to their predominant noise rock influences.", "album    entity is a British indie rock band formed in London in 1999. Founded on the ashes of the group Daisy Chainsaw, singer Katie Jane Garside and guitarist Crispin Gray form the hard core. The group has recorded four studio albums, the latest of which, Djin, was released in 2008.", "disease    entity is the ninth studio album by Swedish doom metal band Candlemass, released on 22 June 2007. It is the first album recorded following the departure of vocalist Messiah Marcolin, who left the band during the pre-production phase of the album. He was replaced by Robert Lowe, who would stay with the band until his departure in June 2012. Upon its release, the album was met with widespread acclaim from both critics and fans.", "disease    entity is the ninth studio album by Swedish doom metal band Candlemass. The album was released on June 22, 2007 on Nuclear Blast Records. This is Candlemass' first album recorded with vocalist Robert Lowe as part of the band. The Digipak edition of the album contains two additional tracks, These are the titles Solitude and At the Gallows End. These old Candlemass titles have been re-recorded with the vocalist of the current formation.", "album    entity is a song by Japanese singer-songwriter Hikaru Utada. It was released by EMI Music Japan digitally on November 17, 2012, with a DVD single released December 26, 2012. The song is the theme to the third film of the Rebuild of Evangelion movie series, Evangelion: 3.0 You Can Redo, and was later included on their sixth Japanese-language studio album Fant\u00f4me, released in 2016. The single also marked Utada's last release under the then EMI-controlled EMI Music Japan as the label was absorbed into Universal Music Japan as EMI Records Japan in April 2013.", "album    entity is a song by Hikaru Utada, released as a single in 2012. A video with the same name was also released shortly after.", "album    entity is Draconian's fifth studio album released June 23, 2011, through Napalm Records. A music video was made for the track \"The Last Hour of Ancient Sunlight\".", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Swedish gothic/doom metal band Draconian. The album was released on June 24, 2011 through Napalm Records.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jad\u8d38w, within Wo\u8242omin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 24 kilometres north-east of Wo\u8242omin and 45 km north-east of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Jad\u00f3w in Wo \u0142 omin County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 24 kilometers northeast of Wo \u0142 omin and 45 kilometers northeast of Warsaw.", "album    entity is Depeche Mode's thirty-fourth UK single, released on 20 October 1997, and the fourth and final single for the album Ultra. It was released with \"Home\" as a double A-side in the US due to entity getting airplay on US radio stations before \"Home\" was announced. entity features a distinctive bass contribution performed by seasoned bassist Doug Wimbish, known for his session work and as a member of Living Color.", "album    entity is a song by British band Depeche Mode. It appears on the 1997 album Ultra, and was also released as the band's thirty-fourth single on October 20, 1997. American radio stations before Home was announced. On the other hand, it was not released in France. entity is a piece in the tradition of Barrel of a Gun with a more pop sound.", "cricketer    entity is a footballer from Gambia. He plays for the Gambia senior squad. He was signed to SC Rheindorf Altach in Austria until his release in January 2009. Jagne then signed with SK Austria K\u00e4rnten until the club went bankrupt in June 2010.", "cricketer    entity is a Gambian footballer born on February 14, 1983.", "album    entity is the second studio album by the American indie rock band entity, released on January 17, 2014 on Rough Trade Records. Produced by Flood and the band itself, the album was preceded by the single, \"Love Is to Die\". It has been characterized as dream pop.", "album    entity is the third studio album by entity.", "castle    entity is a mountain in the Ain department in eastern France. It lies in the area of Bugey. This summit dominates the upper valley of the Rh\u00f4ne and the Lake of Bourget in the Savoie department and the commune of Culoz which lies at its feet. From the entity, hiking and mountain biking trails lead over the mountains of Bugey in the direction of the plateau of Retord and have views of the Alps. The Col du entity is one of the steepest passes in France, with a 20-percent gradient on the Bugey side.", "castle    entity is a summit of the Jura massif, in the French department of Ain, culminating at an altitude of 1,531 meters. It is located in the natural region of Bugey. The summit dominates the upper Rhone Valley and Lake Bourget as well as the town of Culoz in Ain. From the Grand Colombier, mountain bike trails and hiking trails continue over the mountains of Bugey towards the Retord plateau.", "village    entity is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Vosges department in the Lorraine region.", "political party    entity was a far-left Basque nationalist coalition in Spain. It was founded in 1978 and defined itself as abertzale, left-wing, socialist, and supported the independence of the Greater Basque Country. It was refounded as Batasuna in 2001 and subsequently outlawed by the Spanish Supreme Court for being considered the political wing of the separatist group Euskadi Ta Askatasuna .", "political party    entity is the name of a political organization active in Spain, in the autonomous communities of the Basque Country and Navarre, between 1978 and 2000, with the objective of founding a large, independent and socialist Basque state.", "screen writer    entity was a British actor and film director of the silent era.", "screen writer    entity is an English actor and director, born March 4, 1880 in Bristol, died January 14, 1956 in Hampshire \u2014 exact location not specified. He is generally credited with Lawson Butt, sometimes W. Lawson Butt.", "album    entity is a German thrash metal band from Essen, formed in 1982. Their current lineup consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Miland \"Mille\" Petrozza, drummer J\u00fcrgen \"Ventor\" Reil, lead guitarist Sami Yli-Sirni\u00f6, and bassist Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Leclercq. The band's lineup has changed multiple times over its 39-year career, most noticeably with their bassists and lead guitarists. Petrozza and Reil are the only two original members left in entity, although Reil took a brief hiatus from the band from 1994 to 1996. Yli-Sirni\u00f6 has been the lead guitarist of entity since 2001, while Leclercq joined in 2019 as the replacement of Christian \"Speesy\" Giesler, who had been a member of the band since 1994.", "album    entity is a German thrash metal band from Essen. Their musical style is similar to that of Destruction and Sodom, the two other biggest German thrash metal bands. These three groups are often credited with launching death metal, thanks to sound elements that will help the emergence of the genre. The band was formed in 1982 without a name, but decided to take the name Tormentor in 1984. They originally played speed metal inspired by Venom.", "comics creator    entity was a German statesman and a member of the liberal Free Democratic Party , who served as Federal Minister of the Interior from 1969 to 1974, and as Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs and Vice Chancellor of Germany from 1974 to 1992 , making him the longest-serving occupant of either post and the only person to have held one of these positions under two different Chancellors of the Federal Republic of Germany. In 1991 he was chairman of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe .", "comics creator    entity is a German politician and member of the Liberal Democratic Party. He is several times Minister and Vice-Chancellor. He is also an honorary member of the Budapest Club.", "album    entity is the sixth and most recent studio album from the post-hardcore band Fugazi released on October 16, 2001, through Dischord Records. It was recorded at Don Zientara's Inner Ear Studios in Arlington, VA and the Dischord House between January and April 2001. It was the band's last release before going on hiatus in 2003, until the release of First Demo over thirteen years later.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by post-hardcore band Fugazi, released on October 16, 2001, on the Dischord label. It was recorded at Inner Ear Studios in Arlington, Virginia on Dischord between January and April 2001. Upon release, it was critically acclaimed as well as commercially successful. This is the last recording before going on indefinite hiatus in 2003. There is no certainty about a possible reunion.", "album    entity is the fourth album released by the Christian rock band Skillet. Developing their sound into hard-hitting industrial rock, it was released August 28, 2001 through Ardent Records. This was the first Skillet album to include guitarist Ben Kasica, replacing Kevin Haaland. Kasica joined Skillet late in the recording process for the album, only recording guitars on \"Earth Invasion\". It peaked at No. 141 on the Billboard 200 and No. 16 on The Australian Christian Albums Chart.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by American hard rock band Skillet. It was released on August 28, 2001 on Ardent Records.", "musical artist    entity is a South Korean-Chinese boy band based in Seoul, consisting of nine members: Xiumin, Suho, Lay, Baekhyun, Chen, Chanyeol, D.O., Kai and Sehun. The band was formed by SM Entertainment in 2011 and debuted in 2012. Their music\u2014released and performed in Korean, Mandarin, and Japanese\u2014primarily incorporates pop, hip-hop, and R&B, including elements of electronic dance music genres such as house and trap. The band ranked as one of the top five most influential celebrities on the Forbes Korea Power Celebrity list from 2014 to 2018 and have been labeled \"Kings of K-pop\" and the \"Biggest boyband in the world\" by various media outlets.", "musical artist    entity is a South Korean-Chinese boy band under the SM Entertainment label, comprising two sub-groups, entity-K, Korean version, and entity-M, Chinese version. The group contains a total of 10 singers and dancers: entity-K, tours mainly in South Korea, consists of 6 Korean members. entity-M, is promoting in China, composed of 2 Chinese and 2 South Korean members.", "album    entity is the name given to the debut album of the French singer Christophe Willem. It was released on April 16, 2007 and was supported by the two hit singles \"Double Je\" and \"Jacques a dit\", which were top five hits in France and Belgium. The album was mainly composed by the French artists Zazie and Philippe Katerine. An acoustic version of the album was released, which also included the track \"Sunny\" and a cover of The Cranberries track \"Zombie\".", "album    entity is the title of the first album by French singer Christophe Willem, released on April 16, 2007, which sold nearly 1 million copies. Francophone album of the year at the NRJ Music Awards 2008, the album won two other awards: best French revelation and song of the year for Double Je. The album remained 8 weeks number 1 in sales in France and 96 weeks in the charts.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day. It is the third track on their eighth album, 21st Century Breakdown, and it was released as the lead single through Reprise Records on April 16, 2009, and the group's first single since \"Jesus of Suburbia\", released 4 years earlier. Billboard described the song as being lyrically \"just as politically charged as last time \", having a \"Modern Rock radio-ready chorus\", whilst the song's producer Butch Vig \"brings enough punk sheen for mass appeal.\" It was the first, and one of only three songs, to top the Rock Songs, Alternative Songs and Mainstream Rock Tracks Billboard charts at the same time. entity has been certified Gold by the RIAA and has sold 798,000 copies as of August 2010.", "album    entity is a song by American punk band Green Day and the first single from their eighth album, 21st Century Breakdown, released in 2009. It serves as the official theme song for a WWE SmackDown wrestling show.", "village    entity is a commune in the Lot department in south-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Lot department in the Midi-Pyrenees region.", "grand prix    entity was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 23rd edition of the Qatar Open, and part of the ATP World Tour 250 series of the 2015 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Khalifa International Tennis and Squash Complex in Doha, Qatar, from January 5 to 11, 2015.", "grand prix    entity is a professional tennis tournament. The 2015 men's edition, classified in the ATP 250 category, took place from January 5 to 10, 2015.", "screen writer    entity was an English metallurgist and materials scientist who studied the constitution of alloys.", "screen writer    entity was a British steelworker. He studied the composition of alloys and intermetallic compounds and his findings form one of the foundations of modern scientific metallography. entity was born in 1899 in Worcester Park, County Surrey.", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional baseball center fielder who is a free agent. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds, Kansas City Royals, Atlanta Braves, New York Mets, Chicago Cubs and Chicago White Sox. The Reds selected Hamilton in the second round of the 2009 Major League Baseball draft, and he made his MLB debut in 2013.", "soccer manager    entity is a center fielder for the Cincinnati Reds of Major League Baseball. Minor league player in 2012, entity sets the professional baseball record with 155 stolen bases in a year.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American rapper Kid Cudi. It was released on April 12, 2013, by GOOD Music, Wicked Awesome Records, and Republic Records. It was the first album of Cudi's solo career to not be an installment of his Man on the Moon series. The album's cover artwork was designed by Kid Cudi himself, who also served as an executive producer of entity. It was Cudi's goal to make more uptempo and positive music with the album. He described it as a completely new format compared to his previous albums.", "album    entity is Kid Cudi's third studio album, released on April 16, 2013.", "film    entity is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi. The song \"Anyone\", sung by Loren, was released as a single.", "film    entity is an Italian-French film by Dino Risi, released in 1970.", "village    entity is one of several villages in the administrative district of Gmina Wrze\u8263nia, within Wrze\u8263nia County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres south-east of Wrze\u8263nia and 51 km east of the regional capital Pozna\u8245.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of Wrze \u015b nia in Wrze \u015b nia County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "dam    entity is a river in central North America. It is about 700 km in length and drains about 23,600 square miles . It rises in the Yellow Grass Marshes north of Weyburn, Saskatchewan. It wanders south through North Dakota beyond Minot to its most southern point at the city of Velva, and then back north into Manitoba. The river passes through the communities of Melita, Hartney, Souris and Wawanesa and on to its confluence with the Assiniboine River near Treesbank, about 25 miles southeast of Brandon. The main tributaries which flow into the Souris in Manitoba are the Antler River, the Gainsborough and Plum Creeks. Much of its drainage", "dam    entity is a river in central North America.", "comics creator    entity is a Dutch programmer, born on December 24, 1953 in Amsterdam, Netherlands.", "comics creator    entity is a video game developer and entrepreneur. He is known for producing the first Japanese RPG, The Black Onyx, as well as for securing the rights to Tetris for Nintendo in the late 80s. He later founded The Tetris Company, with Alekse\u00ef Pajitnov in 1996, once the latter has recovered the Tetris license.", "village    entity is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Haute-Corse and the territorial collectivity of Corsica. The village belongs to the microregion of Serra, in the southeast of Castagniccia.", "film    entity is a 1985 American comedy film directed by Kevin Reynolds. It was originally a student film titled Proof made by Reynolds while he was attending USC film school. It was a parody of Greek life at his alma mater Baylor University. However, due to his father's presidency at Baylor, he did not wish to portray the Baptist institution in an unfavorable light and gave it the alternative distinction as the University of Texas. The film is now a cult classic.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Kevin Reynolds, released on January 25, 1985 in the United States. In France the film was never released in theaters, but it is available on DVD.", "screen writer    entity was an American screenwriter, actor, writer and director best known for his work with comedians W. C. Fields and Buster Keaton. He was born in Kenosha, Wisconsin and died in Hollywood, California.", "screen writer    entity was an American director, screenwriter, actor and producer born November 7, 1892 in Kenosha, Wisconsin, died May 22, 1961 in Hollywood.", "village    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, that features on his major-label debut album The Slim Shady LP. The song also appears on the deluxe edition of his compilation album, Curtain Call: The Hits. Released as a single on May 26, 1999, following \"My Name Is\", a music video was made, using the heavily censored radio edit. It became a minor hit on the US charts.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, taken from the album The Slim Shady LP released in 1999. Written and composed by Eminem, Dr. Dre and Melvin Bradford, produced by Dr. Dre and Mel-Man, it is the second single from The Slim Shady LP. The song is distributed by Interscope Records and Aftermath Entertainment, Dr. Dre's label to which Eminem has just signed.", "album    entity is a song and the first power ballad by American heavy metal band Metallica, released as the first promotional single from its second studio album, Ride the Lightning. The song was ranked as having the 24th best guitar solo ever by Guitar World readers. The song peaked at number 100 on Swiss Singles Chart in 2008. The song is certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.", "album    entity is a song by thrash metal band Metallica on their second album, Ride the Lightning. It was the first musical ballad released by the band. It was ranked the 24th best guitar solo ever by readers of Guitar World magazine.", "single    entity was an Italian noblewoman and member of the Gherardini family of Florence and Tuscany. Her name was given to the Mona Lisa, her portrait commissioned by her husband and painted by Leonardo da Vinci during the Italian Renaissance. In the centuries after Lisa's death, the Mona Lisa became the world's most famous painting. In 2005, Lisa was definitively identified as the model for the Mona Lisa.", "single    entity is a member of the Gherardini family from Florence, Italy. She would be the model for La Joconde, a portrait commissioned by her husband and painted by Leonardo da Vinci. Little is known about Lisa's life.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American hip hop artist Big L. Released March 28, 1995 on Columbia Records, it is Big L's only album to be released during his lifetime. Recording sessions took place primarily at Powerplay Studios in Queens, New York in mid-to-late 1994. Production was handled by Buckwild, Lord Finesse, Showbiz and Craig Boogie.", "album    entity is Big L's debut studio album, released on March 28, 1995.", "vice president    entity is the home entertainment distribution arm of The Walt Disney Company. The division handles the distribution of Disney's films, television series, and other audiovisual content across several home media formats, such as Ultra HD Blu-ray, Blu-ray discs, DVDs, and digital media, under various brand labels across the world.", "vice president    entity is a film distribution company founded in 1980 by and for the Walt Disney Company. The distribution is however ensured through Buena Vista Entertainment. This company is known because its logo appears on almost all Disney films often even before that of Walt Disney Pictures. Disney DVD is an offshoot of this company and helps differentiate Disney DVDs from those of other companies.", "album    entity is a song by Zhu, an American electronic musician who has been active since the beginning of 2014. A remix extended play was released on June 29, 2014. entity peaked at number one on the US Dance chart.", "album    entity is a song by Zhu, an electronic music singer who has been active since early 2014. Since mid-2014, Zhu has remained anonymous, wishing to be judged solely on his music. An extended play remix was released on June 29, 2014. entity reached number 1 on the US Dance chart.", "comics creator    entity is the first research book on the history of Zhuang nationality and The \"Bagui School\" he created is the first school of ethnic studies in China. Huang is considered one of the founders of modern Chinese ethnology.", "comics creator    entity is a historian, anthropologist, ethnologist, educator and folklorist from the People's Republic of China, considered one of the most important Chinese ethnologists of the 20th century.", "soccer manager    entity is a Kazakhstani professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod of the Kontinental Hockey League .", "soccer manager    entity is a Kazakh professional ice hockey player. He also has Russian nationality. He plays as a striker.", "painter    entity was a French-American sculptor, painter, filmmaker, and author of colorful hand-illustrated books. Widely noted as one of the few female monumental sculptors, Saint Phalle was also known for her social commitment and work.", "painter    entity is a visual artist, painter, sculptor and director of French films. Niki de Saint Phalle was first a model, then a mother before approaching art as an autodidact.", "album    entity were an English rock band formed in London in 1977. For most of their history the line-up consisted of primary songwriter Sting , Andy Summers and Stewart Copeland . entity became globally popular in the late 1970s and early 1980s. Emerging in the British new wave scene, they played a style of rock influenced by punk, reggae, and jazz.", "album    entity was very popular in the late 1970s and early 1980s thanks to their rock music, mixing jazz, punk and reggae.", "record label    entity is owned by NORA's vocalist, Carl Severson, and based in West Windsor, New Jersey. Ferret recently started an imprint called New Weathermen Records. Warner Music Group's Alternative Distribution Alliance acquired a stake in Ferret Music in August, 2006,and as a result is currently distributed by Fontana Distribution, Alternative Distribution Alliance and eOne Music.", "record label    entity is an independent music label. The label produces metal bands, all under genres, but mainly metalcore and post-hardcore. Most of the bands under this label belong rather to the underground metal scene and very few of these are present on the international scene. .Ferret Records was founded in 1996 by Carl Severson, lead singer of Nora.", "album    entity is a song written and performed by English alternative rock band Keane, released as the second single from their second studio album, Under the Iron Sea. The single was released to the iTunes Store on 16 May and to shops on 29 May 2006. entity debuted at number 15 on the UK Singles Chart on 28 May 2006 based on download sales alone but reached number three with physical sales added on 4 June. The song was officially premiered on 17 April 2006 on Jo Whiley's BBC Radio 1 show. Soon after this, it was leaked onto the Internet.", "album    entity is a song by British pop-rock band Keane, from their studio album Under the Iron Sea. It appears as the second single from the album and was released on May 29, 2006, in the UK where it reached #1.", "album    entity is the fourth solo studio album by American hip hop artist GZA, a member of the Wu-Tang Clan. It was released December 10, 2002. The album is named after the kung fu film entity. In the songs \"Did Ya Say That\", and \"Knock Knock\", GZA focuses on the politics of record labels, and expresses his issues in dealing with record companies over artistic goals in music. It would also be known as one of MCA Records' last two projects, along with rapper Common's fifth album, Electric Circus, before the label was dissolved and absorbed by Geffen Records.", "album    entity is GZA's fourth studio album, released on December 10, 2002. The album's title refers to a 1993 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by Wong Jing titled entity. the songs Did Ya Say That and Knock Knock, GZA talks about record label politics and the issues he has had with record companies, especially when it comes to artistic goals.The album ranked 21st at the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 75th", "album    entity is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Pink, featuring Fun's lead singer Nate Ruess. The song was chosen as the third single from Pink's sixth studio album, The Truth About Love . Jeff Bhasker assisted the artists in writing the song and is also the producer. entity is a pop ballad about the desire to hold on to a relationship even when it appears to be breaking down.", "album    entity is a song by Pink featuring American singer Nate Ruess released in January 2013. The song is from the album The Truth About Love.", "village    entity is a city in, and the county seat of, Kiowa County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 740. On the evening of May 4, 2007, entity was devastated by an EF5 tornado that traveled rapidly through the area, leveling at least 95 percent of the city and killing eleven people between the ages of 46 and 84.", "village    entity is the county seat of Kiowa County in southwestern Kansas. It is home to the majority of the county's population. In 2000, it reached 1,574 inhabitants. In 2010, the population was 777 inhabitants.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian former professional hockey goaltender. He was drafted in the third round of the 1998 NHL Entry Draft by the Los Angeles Kings, however never made the National Hockey League . He played most notably in the Kontinental Hockey League . He is currently serving as the General Manager to Avangard Omsk of the Kontinental Hockey League .", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a goalkeeper.", "comics creator    entity is most remembered as the originator of continental drift hypothesis by suggesting in 1912 that the continents are slowly drifting around the Earth . His hypothesis was controversial and widely rejected by mainstream geology until the 1950s, when numerous discoveries such as palaeomagnetism provided strong support for continental drift, and thereby a substantial basis for today's model of plate tectonics. Wegener was involved in several expeditions to Greenland to study po", "comics creator    entity is a German astronomer and climatologist, best known for his theory of continental drift published in 1912. First an astronomer, he became interested in several related subjects such as meteorology and geology.", "state    entity was chartered in 1889 following the amalgamation of Cecil Rhodes' Central Search Association and the London-based Exploring Company Ltd, which had originally competed to capitalize on the expected mineral wealth of Mashonaland but united because of common economic interests and to secure British government backing. The company received a Royal Charter modelled on that of the British East India Company. Its first directors included The 2nd Duke of Abercorn, Rhodes himself and the South African financier Alfred Beit. Rhodes hoped BSAC would promote colonisation and economic exploitation across much of south-central Africa, as part of the \"Scramble for Africa\". However, his main focus was south of the Zambezi, in Mashonaland and the coastal are", "state    The British South Africa Company, created in 1889 by Cecil Rhodes, and approved by royal charter, aims to colonize and exploit the territories north of the Transvaal.", "philosopher    entity was an Athenian philosopher during the Classical period in Ancient Greece, founder of the entitynist school of thought and the Academy, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world.", "philosopher    entity is a philosopher of ancient Greece, contemporary of the Athenian democracy, and of the sophists, whom he vigorously criticized.", "album    entity is a song by French DJ David Guetta. It was released on 10 November 2007 as the third single from his third studio album, Pop Life. The song features vocals by singer Cozi Costi. It was written by Guetta and singer-songwriter Cathy Dennis, whose previous hits include \"Touch Me \" as well as co-writing numerous dance-pop songs such as Kylie Minogue\u2019s \"Can't Get You Out of My Head\" and Britney Spears' \"Toxic\".", "album    entity is the second track from David Guetta's album Pop Life.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by Australian group Midnight Oil which was released in October 1984 under the Columbia Records label. It was recorded and produced in Tokyo, Japan and is significant for becoming their first No. 1 album in Australia \u2013 it also entered the United States Billboard 200. The cover image, by Japanese artist Tsunehisa Kimura, depicts Sydney Harbour after a hypothetical nuclear strike. Some of its tracks were performed live in January 1985 at a Sydney Harbour Goat Island concert to celebrate radio station Triple J's 10th birthday, which was simulcast on ABC Television and subsequently re-broadcast on their then-Tuesday night music program Rock Arena. In 2004 the film footage later became part of a DVD album, Best of Both Worlds. Red Sails in the Su", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by Australian rock band Midnight Oil.", "comics creator    entity is considered to be one of the greatest philosophers of the modern era. In the words of a friend and literary executor, Georg Henrik von Wright, he believed that", "comics creator    entity is an Austrian, then British philosopher, who made decisive contributions in logic, in the theory of the foundations of mathematics and in the philosophy of language.", "village    entity is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in the Bartoszyce County.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American singer Alicia Keys. It was released on November 9, 2007 by J Records. Recording sessions for the album took place at various recording studios from 2005 until 2007. Production was handled primarily by Keys, Kerry \"Krucial\" Brothers, Jack Splash, and Linda Perry, with a guest contribution from musician John Mayer.", "album    entity is the third studio album by R'n'B singer Alicia Keys. It was released on November 13, 2007 in the United States. The album sold 5 million copies worldwide.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American rapper B.o.B, released on May 1, 2012, under Grand Hustle Records, Rebel Rock Entertainment, and Atlantic Records. The album features guest appearances from Morgan Freeman, Taylor Swift, Lil Wayne, Chris Brown, T.I., Nicki Minaj, Ryan Tedder, Lauriana Mae, Playboy Tre, Trey Songz, Nelly and Roscoe Dash while the production was handled by Dr. Luke, Cirkut, Ryan Tedder, Lil' C, Mynority, Stargate, Frequency, Mike WiLL Made It, P-Nasty, Super Water Sympathy, Kutta, Billboard, Jamieson Jones, Jim Jonsin and B.o.B himself.", "album    entity is BoB's second studio album, released on May 1, 2012 in the United States. For this album, BoB worked with producers such as Dr. Luke, Ryan Tedder or even TI. The album ranked 1st at Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at Top Rap Albums, 2nd at Top Digital Albums and 5th on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on February 22, 2012.", "musical    entity is the art of manipulating sounds and creating new music, sound effects, mixes and other creative sounds and beats, typically by using two or more turntables and a cross fader-equipped DJ mixer. The mixer is plugged into a PA system for live events and/or broadcasting equipment so that a wider audience can hear the turntablist's music. Turntablists manipulate records on a turntable by moving the record with their hand to cue the stylus to exact points on a record, and by touching or moving the platter or record to stop, slow down, speed up or, spin the record backwards, or moving the turntable platter back and forth , all while using a DJ mixer", "musical    entity is an American word for the art of creating music using turntables and vinyl records. The first to use the term \u201cturntablism\u201d was DJ Babu in 1995.", "film    entity is an American television sitcom created by Erin Cardillo and Richard Keith. Starring Josh Zuckerman, Nathaniel Buzolic and Krista Allen, it premiered on The CW network on August 3 and ended its run on October 5, 2015. On February 16, 2016, Zuckerman said on his Twitter account that the series would not return for a second season. On February 18, 2016, Keith confirmed that.", "film    entity is an American television series in 9 episodes of 22 minutes, created by Erin Cardillo and Richard Keith and aired between August 3, 2015 and October 5, 2015 on The CW network.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward. He played in the National Hockey League with the Florida Panthers.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player playing as a forward.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American hip hop group The Coup. It was released on Wild Pitch Records on October 13, 1994. It peaked at number 27 on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums chart, as well as number 62 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.", "album    entity is The Coup's second studio album, released on October 13, 1994. The album charted at #27 on Billboard Top Heatseekers and #62 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north of Zbuczyn, 12 km east of Siedlce, and 99 km east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 160.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Zbuczyn in the county of Siedlce and in the voivodship of Mazovia. It is located about 6 kilometers north of Zbuczyn, 12 kilometers east of Siedlce and 99 kilometers east of Warsaw.The village has approximately 160 inhabitants.Poland Portal Poland Portal", "album    entity is a hip hop compilation album performed by various artists of Shady Records. The double disc album was released on November 24, 2014, by Shady Records and Interscope Records. The album was released in honor of the label's 15th anniversary and as its 15th project . The compilation consists of two discs, the first featuring new material from Shady Records artists such as Slaughterhouse, Bad Meets Evil, D12 and Yelawolf, as well as the label's founder Eminem. The second disc includes the label's greatest hits, also featuring former Shady Records members. All previous and current members of the label are represented on the album.", "album    entity is a compilation album from Shady Records, released on November 24, 2014, commemorating the fifteenth anniversary of the creation of the label as well as the release of The Slim Shady LP. It is a double album: a first disc composed unreleased tracks from Shady Records artists and a \"best of\" CD featuring the label's greatest hits such as In da Club by 50 Cent and Lose Yourself by Eminem.", "journalist    entity was a Slovak diplomat, economist and writer, who significantly contributed to the development of Slovak banking sector and French-Slovak relations. Vladim\u94c6r Valach died on 5 March 2006 in Bratislava.", "journalist    entity was a Slovak economist, diplomat and writer who played a major role in the development of Franco-Slovak exchanges in the economic, political and cultural fields. .", "video game    entity is a vertical scrolling run-and-gun shooter game released by Capcom for arcades in 1985. The game was designed by Tokuro Fujiwara. It was distributed in North America by Data East, and in Europe by several companies including Capcom, Deith Leisure and Sega, S.A. SONIC. Versions were released for various home computers and game consoles. It is unrelated to the 1985 film of the same name, which was released six months after the game.", "video game    entity is a 2D action video game developed by Capcom and released in 1985 on the entity arcade system. Archetypal run and gun in top view, entity has influenced many games of the genre such as Ikari Warriors or Rambo: First Blood Part II.", "album    entity is the first single from the Doors' 1968 album Waiting for the Sun and released in March of that year by Elektra Records. An accompanying 16mm publicity film for the song featuring the band was directed and produced by Edward Dephoure and Mark Abramson. The song became the band's fourth Top 40 hit in the US, peaking at number 39 on the Billboard Hot 100, and remained upon the Billboard Hot 100 list for eight weeks.", "album    entity is a song by The Doors, released in 1968 on their third album, Waiting for the Sun. It was the first single from the album, reaching a disappointing 39th in the United States. His lyrics evoke the Vietnam War and the vision given by the media at the time.", "comics creator    entity is the world's second largest continent.", "comics creator    entity is a documentary series in 6 episodes of 52 minutes created by James Honeyborne and broadcast from January 2, 2013 on BBC One. In France, the series is broadcast from April 13, 2013 on France 5. A 90-minute feature film version commented by Lambert Wilson is broadcast on January 1, 2013 on France 2 in the first part of the evening.", "screen writer    entity is a fictional character and the protagonist of the animated sitcom Futurama. He is voiced by Billy West using a version of his own voice as he sounded when he was 25. He is a slacker delivery boy from the 20th century who becomes cryogenically frozen and reawakens in the 30th century to become a delivery boy there with an intergalactic delivery company run by his 30th great-grandnephew , Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth. He is the best friend and roommate of Bender and the boyfriend and later husband of Turanga Leela. He is the father of Yancy Fry, Sr. , thus making him his own grandfather. He is the stepfather of Kif's offspring (due to Kif's preg", "screen writer    entity is the main protagonist of the American science fiction television series Futurama. In the original version, Billy West uses a version of his own voice when he was 25 years old.", "village    entity is one of the 26 cantons forming the Swiss Confederation. It is composed of thirteen districts and its capital and largest city is Sion. The flag of the canton is made of thirteen stars representing the districts, on a white-red background.", "village    entity is a canton of Switzerland located in the south of the country, dug by the Rhone Valley. It is a sovereign canton within the Swiss Confederation since 1815, it is of Catholic tradition and has the city of Sion as its capital. , the largest town in the canton with 30,363 inhabitants followed by Monthey, Sierre and Martigny with more than 15,000 inhabitants, according to Valais in 2010 figures.", "screen writer    entity is a fictional character in the American dramedy series Ugly Betty. She is played by Vanessa Williams, who received a supporting actress award at the 2007 and 2008 NAACP Image Awards, a Best TV Villain award at the 2007 Teen Choice Awards and a supporting actress nomination at the 59th, 60th, and 61st Primetime Emmy Awards for her portrayal of the character. Her name is similar to Wilhelmina Cooper, a successful model who eventually established her own modeling company in the 1960s. In June 2010, Entertainment Weekly named her one of the 100 Greatest Characters of the Last 20 Years. In July 2012, she was on the #25 list of TV's Greatest Villains of All Time.", "screen writer    entity is one of the main fictional characters in the American television series Ugly Betty. She is interpreted by actress and singer Vanessa Williams, Miss America 1984.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish former professional ice hockey forward who played over 200 games in the National Hockey League . He concluded his professional career in returning to his original club, SaiPa of the Finnish Liiga.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays in the center position.", "prefecture    entity is the capital of entity Province and Mueang entity District in Thailand. It is about 100 km southeast of Bangkok, on the coast of the Gulf of Thailand. Its name means 'city of water'. entity, along with other areas along the coast to Pattaya, forms a conurbation known as the Pattaya-entity Metropolitan Area. entity has had town status since 1935.", "prefecture    entity is a city in the eastern region of Thailand, capital of entity Province. It is located in the northwest of the province, on the Gulf of Thailand, about 100 km from Bangkok. Its name means \"City of Water\".", "video game    entity is a video game developed and published by Capcom. It is the sixth main entry in the Mega Man X series. The game was first released on the PlayStation in Japan on November 29, 2001 and was later made available in both North America and Europe.", "video game    entity is an action/platform video game developed by Capcom Production Studio 3 and published by Capcom on PlayStation and Windows. It is the sixth installment in the X spin-off series.", "album    entity is an American heavy metal band from Auburn, New York. Formed in 1980, the group is known for lyrics based on fantasy and mythology , as well as numerous songs celebrating the genre and its core audience. The band is also known for a loud and emphatic sound. In an interview for MTV in February 2007, bassist Joey DeMaio lamented that \"these days, there's a real lack of big, epic metal that is drenched with crushing guitars and choirs and orchestras... so it's nice to be one of the few bands that's actually doing that\". In 1984, the band was included in the Guinness Book of World Records for delivering the loudest performance, a record which they have since broken on two occasions. They also hold", "album    entity is an American traditional heavy metal band from Auburn, New York. Formed in 1980, the band is sometimes referred to as power metal in the 1980s, a term that used to refer to traditional heavy metal bands that emphasized the power of their music and warrior imagery.", "building    entity is a music venue in the Neustadt district of Strasbourg, in the French department of the Bas-Rhin. Built for the male choral society of Strasbourg in 1903, it has served as the principal concert hall of the city and home to the Orchestre philharmonique de Strasbourg until 1975. It has been classified as a Monument historique since 2007.", "building    entity is a historical monument located in Strasbourg, in the French department of Bas-Rhin.", "political party    entity is a regionalist and autonomist political party in South Tyrol, an autonomous province with a German-speaking majority in northern Italy. At the European level, the SVP is a member of the European People's Party .", "political party    entity is an Italian political party, present in the autonomous province of Bolzano where it defends the interests of the German-speaking majority and the Ladin-speaking minority of Alto Adige.", "actor    entity is an American rapper, best known as a member of the hip hop group St. Lunatics. Lee is also the CEO of his own label, U C Me Entertainment.", "actor    entity is Torhi Harper, is an American rapper, member of the group St. Lunatics and chief executive officer of the label UC-Me Entertainment.", "cricketer    entity is a retired Ghanaian-born Hong Kong professional footballer. He played as a defensive midfielder.", "cricketer    entity is a Hong Kong international footballer of Ghanaian origin as a defender. He has five selections for the national team since 2013. He currently plays for the Chinese club Harbin Yiteng.", "senator    entity is an American politician who represented Texas's 16th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 2013 to 2019. O'Rourke is best known for his 2018 campaign for U.S. Senate, which he lost to Republican incumbent Ted Cruz. He sought the 2020 Democratic nomination for President of the United States, which he abandoned before the primaries. O'Rourke announced a run for Texas Governor in 2022, challenging incumbent Governor Greg Abbott.", "senator    entity is an American politician. A member of the Democratic Party, he was elected from Texas to the United States House of Representatives from 2013 to 2019.", "american football player    entity is a former American football wide receiver who played 12 seasons in the National Football League. He played college football at Michigan State, and was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers eighth overall in the 2000 NFL Draft. He also played for the New York Giants and the New York Jets, and caught the game-winning touchdown in Super Bowl XLII as the Giants beat the then-undefeated New England Patriots.", "american football player    entity is an American football player, August 12, 1977 in Norfolk, who plays at wide receiver.", "comics creator    entity was a German chemist who reported a method for synthesis of alkenes from aldehydes and ketones using compounds called phosphonium ylides in the Wittig reaction. He shared the Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Herbert C. Brown in 1981.", "comics creator    entity is a German chemist. He discovered a method of synthesizing alkenes from aldehydes and ketones, using phosphorus ylides. He obtained with Herbert C. Brown the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1979.", "vice president    entity is the sixth largest Brazilian residential construction company, after its big competitors such as PDG, Cyrela Brazil Realty, MRV and Brookfield Incorpora\u00e7\u00f5es. The company operates in real estate. Is present in more than 56 Brazilian cities, from headquarters in S\u00e3o Paulo and in regional offices located in cities such as Campinas, Porto Alegre, Rio de Janeiro, Belo Horizonte and others. The Rossi takes part in all phases of a real estate venture. Exploration of the land to the project, construction for sale, by delivery of property. Follow below Rossi's trajectory:", "vice president    entity is a Brazilian company specializing in private real estate. The company's portfolio mainly includes residential properties located in the Brazilian states of S\u00e3o Paulo, Minas Gerais and Rio Grande do Sul.", "album    entity is a hip-hop song by American rapper Eminem, featuring American rappers Dr. Dre and 50 Cent. The song was released as the lead single from Eminem's album Relapse . On February 12, 2009, the song broke the first week digital sales record with 418,000 downloads, topping the previous record held by \"Live Your Life\" by T.I. featuring Rihanna. This record was broken again the following week by \"Right Round\" by Flo Rida. The song won the Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group in 2010.", "album    entity is a song by rapper Eminem, in collaboration with Dr. Dre and 50 Cent, produced by Dr. Dre, and released in 2009 by Interscope Records. This is the first single from Relapse, Eminem's sixth studio album.", "screen writer    entity is the father of dancer , dancer Mats Ek and actress Malin Ek .", "screen writer    entity was a Swedish actor.", "island    entity is the largest of the three major islands that constitute the Maltese archipelago. It is sometimes referred to as Valletta for statistical purposes to distinguish the main island from the entire country. entity is in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea directly south of Italy and north of Libya. The island is 27 kilometres long and 14.5 kilometres wide, with a total area of 246 square kilometres . The capital is Valletta, while the largest locality is Rabat. The island is made up of many small towns, which together form one larger urban zone with a population of 409,259. The landscape is characterised by low hills with terraced fields.", "island    entity is the main island of the Maltese archipelago. This island is the largest and most populated, Valletta, the capital of the Republic of Malta, is in the northeast of it.", "comics creator    entity is best known today for his 1971 magnum opus The Entropy Law and the Economic Process, in which he argued that all natural resources are irreversibly degraded when put to use in economic activity. A progenitor and a paradigm founder in economics, Georgescu-Roegen's work was decisive for the establishing of ecological economics as an independent academic sub-discipline in economics.", "comics creator    entity is a Romanian-born American heterodox mathematician and economist whose work has served as inspiration for the degrowth movement.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode. It was first released on 22 March 1993 in the United Kingdom by Mute Records and a day later in the United States by Sire Records and Reprise Records. The album incorporated a more aggressive, darker rock-oriented tone than its predecessor Violator , largely influenced by the emerging alternative rock and grunge scenes in the United States.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by British band Depeche Mode, released in 1993.", "album    entity is a song written and performed by Scottish DJ Calvin Harris and American singer Ne-Yo. The track was released in the United Kingdom on 30 March 2012 as the third single from Harris' third studio album, 18 Months . On 29 April 2012, precisely a week after its release, entity debuted at number two on the UK Singles Chart for the week ending dated 5 May 2012\u2014 marking Harris' third consecutive number two hit . As of July 2012, the song has sold 376,000 downloads in the United States. It also appeared on the deluxe version of Ne-Yo's fifth studio album, R.E.D. The song received a nomination for Best Dance Recording at the 55th Grammy Awards held in February 2013.", "album    entity is a song by Scottish DJ Calvin Harris released on March 30, 2012 by Columbia Records. Extract from the 3rd album of Calvin Harris which will be released on April 30, 2012, we find the collaboration of the American singer Ne-Yo.", "album    entity is a song written by Pete Townshend and performed by the English rock band the Who, featured on their 1969 rock opera album Tommy. The original recording was released as a single in 1969 and reached No. 4 in the UK charts and No. 19 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. The B-side of the entity single is an instrumental credited to Keith Moon, titled \"Dogs Part Two\". Despite the title, it has no musical connection to the Who's 1968 UK single \"Dogs\".", "album    entity is a song by British rock band The Who, which appears on their rock opera Tommy. It was written by Pete Townshend. The B-side single Dogs Part Two, released in February 1969, reached No. 4 in the UK chart.", "single    entity was a United States Marine Corps officer and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor. Beginning his career as an enlisted man, Hanneken served in the Banana Wars of the 1910s and 1920s. During the United States occupation of Haiti, he assassinated the resistance leader Charlemagne P\u00e9ralte, for which he was awarded the Medal of Honor. Subsequently, granted a commission, Hanneken served in Haiti for several more months and was awarded a Navy Cross for killing another rebel leader. He received a second Navy Cross for his actions during the occupation of Nicaragua in the late 1920s.", "single    entity was a United States Marine Corps officer, recipient of the United States Army's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.", "village    entity is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher in the Center region.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Mary J. Blige. An R&B album that was released on December 18, 2007, by Geffen Records, it debuted at number 2 on the Billboard 200, selling 629,000 copies in its first week, and reached number one in January 2008. entity was ranked number 29 on Rolling Stone's list of the Top 50 Albums of 2007 and was eventually certified Platinum by RIAA.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by Mary J. Blige, released on December 18, 2007.", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional baseball pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball . He previously played in MLB for the San Diego Padres and Texas Rangers, as well as the Yomiuri Giants of Nippon Professional Baseball . He was an All-Star in 2018, led the National League in wins that season, and finished sixth in NL Cy Young Award voting that year.", "soccer manager    entity is a right-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher. He is currently a free agent.", "village    entity is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Haute-Corse and the territorial collectivity of Corsica.", "album    entity is the twenty-fourth album by the Norwegian electronic dance music producer Aleksander Vinter, and his fourth using the alias \"Savant\". It was released on 9 September 2012. For the third anniversary of its release , Vinter released his own remix of the popular track \"Starfish\" under the alias of his side project, \"Blanco\". This track is only available through Bandcamp and Vinter has not announced any plans for a release elsewhere, and despite being considered part of entity, this track is not included when purchasing SAVANT COMPLETE, Savant's full discography.", "album    entity is the sixth album by Norwegian electronic dance music producer Aleksander Vinter, and his fourth under the name Savant.", "video game    entity is a basketball sports video game released by Midway for arcades in 1989. Billed by Midway as \"A Basket Brawl\", the game features two-on-two full court basketball games in which players are encouraged to punch opposing players and steal the ball from them. entity was the second basketball video game released by Midway, sixteen years after TV Basketball .", "video game    entity is a basketball video game developed by Bally Midway in 1989 on an arcade machine. The game was adapted for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1990 and for Game Gear and Mega Drive in 1992.", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper, songwriter, and entrepreneur. Rooted in the New York hip hop scene, he is regarded as one of the greatest and most influential rappers of all time. Nas has released fourteen studio albums since 1994, seven of which are certified platinum and multi-platinum in the U.S.", "comics creator    entity is an American author, composer, sometimes actor born September 14, 1973 in New York. He is considered by the hip-hop community as one of the most important MCs, if not the best. His fortune is estimated at 16 million dollars.[ref.", "soccer manager    entity is a Romanian former football player and manager.", "soccer manager    entity is a Romanian former footballer and coach. He won a second Romanian division in 1972 with CF Sportul Studen \u021b esc Bucharest. He coached Romanian and Tunisian clubs, as well as four national teams.", "village    entity is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dordogne, in the Aquitaine region. It is integrated into the P\u00e9rigord-Limousin regional natural park.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the northern part of India. It is often referred to as the \"Devbhumi\" due to its religious significance and numerous Hindu temples and pilgrimage centres found throughout the state. Uttarakhand is known for the natural environment of the Himalayas, the Bhabar and the Terai regions. It borders the Tibet Autonomous Region of China to the north; the Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal to the east; the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh to the south and Himachal Pradesh to the west and north-west. The state is divided into two divisions, Garhwal and Kumaon with a total of 13 districts.", "governmental administrative region    entity is bordered by Tibet to the northeast, Nepal to the southeast, and it neighbors the Indian states of Himachal Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.", "military unit    entity was a unit of the Royal Bavarian Army which served alongside the Prussian Army as part of the Imperial German Army. The division was formed on November 27, 1815, as an Infantry Division of the W\u00fcrzburg General Command . It was called the 3rd Army Division between 1822 and 1848, again between 1851 and 1859, and again from 1869 to 1872. It was called the 3rd Infantry Division from 1848 to 1851 and was named the Nuremberg General Command from 1859 to 1869. From April 1, 1872, until mobilization for World War I, it was the 3rd Division. In 1901, it had swapped division numbers with the 5th Division. In Bavarian sources, it was not generally referred to as a \"Royal Bavarian\" division,", "military unit    entity is a unit of the Bavarian army attached to the German army which took part in the Franco-German war of 1870 and the First World War. At the outbreak of this conflict, it formed with the 4th Bavarian Infantry Division the II Bavarian Army Corps. The 3rd Bavarian Infantry Division fought in Lorraine at Morhange, Charmes and around Nancy before being transferred to the Somme where it fought towards Albert. During the fall, the division es", "village    entity is the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra. According to the United Nations, as of 2018, entity is the second-most populous city in India after Delhi and the seventh-most populous city in the world with a population of roughly 20 million. As per the Indian government population census of 2011, entity was the most populous city in India with an estimated city proper population of 12.5 million living under Municipal Corporation of Greater entity. entity is the centre of the entity Metropolitan Region, the sixth most populous metropolitan area in the world with a population of over 23 million. entity lies on the Konkan coast on the west coast of India and has a deep nat", "village    entity is the capital of the Indian state of Maharashtra. The city had 12,478,447 inhabitants in 2011. The most populous city in India, it forms with its satellite cities of Navi Mumbai, Bhiwandi, Kalyan, Ulhasnagar and Thane, an agglomeration of 18,414,288 inhabitants, the sixth most populated in the world. world.Mumbai is the commercial capital of India.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former ice hockey defenceman.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "comics creator    entity is a Los Angeles-based record label formed in 1974 by fanzine publisher and music historian Greg Shaw and Suzy Shaw.", "comics creator    entity is a Los Angeles record label founded in 1974 by fanzine publisher and music historian Greg Shaw. It specializes in the genres of punk, pop, powerpop, garage rock, new wave, old school rock, neo- psychedelia and saw the debut of bands such as The Modern Lovers, Iggy & The Stooges, Stiv Bators & The Dead Boys, 20/20, Shoes, Devo, The Weirdos, The Romantics, Spacemen 3, The Germs, SIN 34, Jeff Dahl, The Brian Jonestown Massacre and the Black Lips. Greg Shaw", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ka\u0142uszyn, within Mi\u0144sk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Ka\u0142uszyn in Mi\u0144sk County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "city    entity is one of the 36 counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. As of the 2010 census, the population was 351,715, making it the fourth-most populous county in Oregon. The county seat is Eugene. It is named in honor of Joseph Lane, Oregon's first territorial governor. entity comprises the Eugene, OR Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is the third-largest MSA in Oregon, and the 144th-largest in the country.", "city    entity is a county located in the western state of Oregon in the United States. It is named in honor of Joseph Lane, the first governor of the Oregon Territory. The county seat is Eugene. According to the 2010 census, its population is 351,715.", "album    entity are an English DJ duo from Brighton, East Sussex, England. The act consists of the producers Russell Small and James Wiltshire .", "album    entity are a house band from Brighton, UK. Their name comes from a pub they visited frequently. The group consists of producers Russell Small and James Wiltshire.", "prefecture    entity is one of the 31 regions of Ivory Coast. Since its establishment in 2011, it has been one of two regions in Zanzan District. The seat of the region is Bondoukou and the region's population in the 2014 census was 667,185. Gontougo is currently divided into five departments: Bondoukou, Koun-Fao, Sand\u00e9gu\u00e9, Tanda, and Transua.", "prefecture    entity is an administrative district and a territorial community whose capital is the city of Bondoukou. It constitutes with the Boukani Region, the Zanzan District and includes the departments of Bondoukou, Koun-Fao, Sandegue, Tanda, Transua, Assueffry, Kouassi-Datekro.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band P.O.D. and the lead single from their fifth studio album, Payable on Death. Released on September 22, 2003, the song charted at No. 17 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart on December 2 that year.", "album    entity is the first single from POD's Payable on Death album. The clip shows the problems of young teenagers and their loves for their parents to that for their boyfriends or girlfriends. The song reached #17 on Billboard's Bubbling Under Hot 100 chart on December 2, 2003.", "senator    entity was the first lady of the United States from 1897 until 1901, as the wife of President William McKinley. Born to a successful Ohio family, Ida met her future husband and later married him during the early Reconstruction years. She never recovered from losing their daughters as infants and remained in a fragile state of health for the rest of her life, including having seizures. During campaigns and while in office, her husband took great care to accommodate her needs, as they were a devoted couple. Ida's ability to fulfill the role of First Lady was nevertheless limited. She was brought further grief by the deaths of her brother and later her husband, as McKinley was assassinated by an anarchist. Ida devotedly visited her husband's res", "senator    entity was the \"first lady\" of the States States from March 4, 1897 to September 14, 1901.", "village    entity is a coastal city in the U.S. state of Connecticut. It is located on entity Harbor on the northern shore of Long Island Sound in entity County, Connecticut, and is part of the New York City metropolitan area. With a population of 134,023 as determined by the 2020 United States Census, entity is now the third-largest city in Connecticut after Bridgeport, and Stamford. entity is the principal municipality of Greater entity, which had a total population of 864,835 as of 2020.", "village    entity is a city in south-central Connecticut, United States. With 124,791 inhabitants, it is the second largest city in the state. Yale University located downtown is one of the most prestigious in the country and in the world.", "screen writer    entity was a French film director and screenwriter, known primarily for his comedies created in collaboration with screenwriter Michel Audiard. Lautner's ventures into other genres were less successful though the thriller Le Professionnel starring Jean-Paul Belmondo was a big commercial hit in France in 1981. He was born in Nice, the son of actress Ren\u00e9e Saint-Cyr.", "screen writer    entity is a French director and screenwriter, born on January 24, 1926 in Nice, and died on November 22, 2013 in Paris. Attracted from his beginnings to comedy, Lautner is best known for having put into image the most famous lines of Michel Audiard . His forays into other genres were also successful with the public.", "sports league    entity is a Gabonese football club based in Libreville.", "sports league    entity is a Gabonese football club, based in Libreville. It is chaired by J\u00e9r\u00f4me Claude Asseko. The club is evolving this season in the National D1 Championship in Gabon", "village    entity is a small village in the municipality of Topola, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 834 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Topola, district of \u0160umadija. At the 2011 census, it had 651 inhabitants. entity is located on the banks of the Jasenica River.", "album    entity is a compilation album by the French popular singer entity Hardy. After her break with Vogue in 1969, Hardy made this album, produces by Hypopotam, her society recently created, distributed by Sonopresse. First edition realised in France in 1970.", "album    entity is a compilation of songs by entity Hardy; first disc produced by the production company, Hypopotam, created by the singer. The original edition was published in France at the end of May/beginning of June 1970.", "village    entity is a municipality in the Vogtlandkreis district, in Saxony, Germany. It was established in 1994 by the merger of the three villages Rothenkirchen, Wernesgr\u00fcn and Wildenau and named after the nearby entity , part of the Ore Mountains. Wernesgr\u00fcn is home of the Wernesgr\u00fcner brewery.", "village    entity is a municipality of Saxony, located in the district of Vogtland, in the district of Chemnitz.Portail of Saxony Portal of Saxony", "film    entity is a 1932 American pre-Code crime film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Joan Blondell, Grant Mitchell and Vivienne Osborne. The film's sets were designed by the art director Jack Okey.", "film    entity is a 1932 American film directed by Lloyd Bacon.", "album    entity is a French symphonic black metal band from Limoges, France, formed in 1991. They are currently \"on hold\" due to the departure of vocalist RMS Hreidmarr.", "album    entity is a French symphonic black metal band from Limoges. The group was formed in 1995 on the initiative of Stefan Bayle, and became active during the ten years following its formation despite its regular change of musical style.", "comics creator    entity is considered one of the most prominent figures in Haitian literature. The African-American poet, Langston Hughes, translated some of Roumain's works, including Gouverneurs de la Ros\u00e9e .", "comics creator    entity is the founder of the Haitian Communist Party. Although his life was short, Jacques Roumain, the poet, had a considerable influence on Haitian culture.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a landlocked country in Eastern Europe. It is bordered by Romania to the west and Ukraine to the north, east, and south. Additionally, the unrecognised state of Transnistria lies across the Dniester on the country's eastern border with Ukraine. The capital and largest city is Chi\u0219in\u0103u.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in Eastern Europe, landlocked between Romania and Ukraine, encompassing parts of the historical regions of Bessarabia and Southern Podolia. Its hilly landscapes include forests, farmlands, wetlands and vineyards. Its capital is Chi \u0219 in \u0103 u.", "tennis player    entity is an Australian field hockey player. She was a member of the Australia women's national field hockey team that won gold medals at Commonwealth Games, Olympic Games and World Cup in the late 1990s and early 2000s. She is a past FIH World Player of the Year. She won a gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.", "tennis player    entity is an Australian field hockey player.", "film    entity is a 2002 Japanese cyberpunk science fiction film directed by Takashi Miike. It is the third in a three-part series, preceded by Dead or Alive in 1999 and Dead or Alive 2: Birds in 2000. The films are not connected in any apparent way except by director Takashi Miike and stars Riki Takeuchi and Show Aikawa. Besides Japanese, much of the dialogue in the film is in Cantonese and some is in English. Often, two people will talk to each other using different languages.", "film    entity is a Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike, released on January 1, 2002.", "album    entity is the 16th studio album by the English singer-songwriter Peter Hammill. It was originally released in 1988 on Enigma Records, and was subsequently reissued on Hammill's own Fie! label.", "album    entity is the sixteenth studio album by Peter Hammill, released in 1988.", "album    entity was a German experimental rock band formed in Cologne in 1968 by the core quartet of Holger Czukay , Irmin Schmidt , Michael Karoli , and Jaki Liebezeit . The group cycled through several vocalists, most prominently the American-born Malcolm Mooney and the Japanese-born Damo Suzuki , as well as various temporary members.", "album    entity is a German experimental rock band founded in 1968 in Cologne. Pioneers of the Krautrock scene, the musicians have always rejected American influences and incorporated elements of minimalist and world music into their always very progressive compositions. entity built his music around very free improvisations, later reworked in the studio, which 'Holger Czukay, bassist of the group, described himself as \"instant compositions\".", "single    entity is an emotion of strong affection and personal attachment.", "single    entity is an American slapstick comedy film by Roscoe \"Fatty\" Arbuckle, released on March 2, 1919.", "musical artist    entity is an English jazz saxophone, bass clarinet, and synthesizer player, and composer of free jazz and modal jazz, often using themes from folk music. He has composed and performed music for dance performances and film soundtracks.", "musical artist    entity is an English jazz saxophonist and clarinetist born August 30, 1944 in Tavistock, Devon. He is married to Norwegian singer Karin Krog and lives in Norway.", "single    entity is an Ecuadorian former professional tennis player. He won the men's singles title at the French Open in 1990. His son, Emilio G\u00f3mez, is a professional tennis player. His nephew Nicol\u00e1s Lapentti was also a professional tennis player who reached a world ranking of No. 6, and another nephew, Roberto Quiroz, is currently pursuing a career in professional tennis.", "single    entity is a former Ecuadorian professional tennis player. With a very good left-handed forehand, he obtained his best results on clay. He notably won the Roland-Garros tournament in 1990 by beating Andre Agassi in the final. He obtained his best ranking right after. He was also world number one in doubles and was part of the Ecuador Davis Cup team until 2000.", "island    entity was a battle in the Seven Years' War fought on the 15th and 16 July 1761 in the western area of present-day Germany, between a large French army and a combined Prussian-Hanoverian-British force led by Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick.", "island    entity is an episode of the Seven Years' War which took place on July 15 and 16, 1761 between France and a coalition of Prussia, Great Britain and Hanover led by Prince Ferdinand of Brunswick. two French armies led by Marshals Victor-Fran\u00e7ois de Broglie and Charles de Rohan, Prince of Soubise, met in July 1761 with the aim of capturing the town of Lippstadt.", "album    entity is the second studio album by British-Irish boy band One Direction, released on 9 November 2012 by Syco Music and Columbia Records. As a follow-up to One Direction's internationally successful debut album Up All Night , entity was written in groups and has an average of just under five songwriters per track. Largely recorded and composed in Sweden during 2012, Savan Kotecha, Rami Yacoub and Carl Falk, who composed One Direction's hits, \"What Makes You Beautiful\" and \"One Thing\", spent six months in Stockholm developing songs for the album, and were able to shape melodies around the members' tones.", "album    entity is the second studio album by British-Irish boyband One Direction, released on November 9, 2012 through Sony Music Entertainment. Like One Direction's internationally successful debut album Up All Night, entity was written as a group and averaged just under five songwriters per track.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Estoril on 21 October 1984. It was the sixteenth and final race of the 1984 FIA Formula One World Championship. It was the first World Championship Portuguese Grand Prix since 1960, when it was held at the Boavista street circuit in Oporto. The race also represented the last win for French tyre manufacturer Michelin in Formula One until the 2001 San Marino Grand Prix.", "formula one team    entity is \u200b\u200ba Formula 1 race which took place on October 21, 1984 at the Estoril circuit near Lisbon.", "village    entity is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. The organist and composer Alo\u00ffs Claussmann was born in entity.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace region. Its inhabitants are called entityois and entityoises. The village is well located near the towns of Cernay, Thann or Guebwiller, and not far from Mulhouse, equidistant from Colmar and Belfort. It is a wine-growing, agricultural town with an industrial zone. Recently, the village obtained its first flower, which rewards the flowering of the town.", "screen writer    entity is a former American football quarterback and current analyst for ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown. He played college football at Boston College and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1998 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers. After a season on the practice squad and two seasons backing up Brett Favre, he was traded to the Seattle Seahawks in 2001, where he spent the majority of his career. Hasselbeck led Seattle to six playoff appearances, including a Super Bowl loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers during the 2005 season. He was selected to three Pro Bowls in his career. Hasselbeck also played for the Tennessee Titans and Indianapolis Colts.", "screen writer    entity is an American football player born on September 25, 1975 in Boulder, Colorado, playing as a quarterback for the Indianapolis Colts. His brother Tim Hasselbeck also played a quarterback position in the NFL.", "album    entity is a song by English electronic group Depeche Mode. It was released on 5 November 2001 as the third single from their album Exciter. The B-side is an instrumental called \"Zenstation\". There is also a DVD release of entity, a first for Depeche Mode. It contained video footage of entity from the Philadelphia concert in 2001, as well as audio of some of the other songs. It also contained four bonus 30-second videos of the band. The videos were directed by Anton Corbijn.", "album    entity is Depeche Mode's third single, released on November 5, 2001 in Europe and the following day in the United States. This is an extract from the album Exciter. Side B is the instrumental Zenstation.", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department, in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Romanian singer Inna for her debut studio album, Hot . It was released as the fourth single from the record on 6 August 2009. Written and produced by Play & Win members Sebastian Barac, Radu Bolfea and Marcel Botezan, entity is a techno track with a Spanish guitar and beats in its instrumentation. One reviewer regarded the song as being similar to Inna's past work, however, with the addition of new elements. Other music critics gave positive reviews of the single, and praised its construction and foresaw its commercial success.", "album    entity is a song by singer Inna released in 2009. This title was successful in several countries such as Romania, France, Poland and Italy.", "album    entity is a song produced by Swedish DJs Steve Angello and Axwell under the name \"Supermode\" . The song interpolates two Bronski Beat songs from their album The Age of Consent. The music is sampled from the song \"Smalltown Boy\", and the lyrics are taken from the song \"Why?\". The vocals are reconstructed and performed by Hal Ritson.", "album    entity is a song by Swedish djs and producer Steve Angello and Axwell, two members of the Swedish House band Mafia. The song is a remix of two songs by Bronski Beat taken from the album The Age of Consent. entity is a sample of Smalltown Boy and the lyrics are those of Why? . The singer is Hal Ritson.", "screen writer    entity is an American former Major League Baseball right fielder. He is the special assistant to the executive director of the Major League Baseball Players Association. Over his 22-year career, he played for six teams: the San Diego Padres, New York Yankees, California Angels, Toronto Blue Jays, Minnesota Twins, and Cleveland Indians. He had the winning hit in the 1992 World Series with the Blue Jays over the Atlanta Braves.", "screen writer    entity is an American baseball player who played for 22 seasons in the major baseball leagues.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper and record producer. In the 1990s at Death Row Records, aided the catapult of West Coast rap and gangsta rap into the mainstream. He is one half of the rap duo tha Dogg Pound, along with Kurupt.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper and producer. He is best known for his work with Death Row Records at the peak of West Coast rap popularity. He is the direct cousin of Snoop Dogg and RBX and the first rapper to publicly insult Suge Knight. He was trained in production by Dr. Dre between 1992 and 1994.", "video game    entity is a handheld video game console developed and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was first released in Japan on December 17, 2011, and in North America, Europe, and other international territories beginning on February 22, 2012. The console is the successor to the PlayStation Portable, and a part of the PlayStation brand of gaming devices; as part of the eighth generation of video game consoles, it primarily competed with the Nintendo 3DS.", "video game    entity is an eighth-generation handheld video game console developed by Sony Computer Entertainment. Its codename was Next Generation Portable. The console was released on December 17, 2011 in Japan, December 23, 2011 in Hong Kong, and February 22, 2012 in the rest of the world.", "skyscraper    entity is a motorsport venue opened in 2004 and used for drag racing, GP2 Series , and the annual Formula One Bahrain Grand Prix. The 2004 Grand Prix was the first held in the Middle East. Beginning in 2006, Australian V8 Supercars raced at the BIC, with the event known as the Desert 400. However, the V8 Supercars did not return for the 2011 V8 Supercar season. 24 Hour endurance races are also hosted at BIC. The circuit has a FIA Grade 1 license. The circuit also has multiple layouts.", "skyscraper    entity is the circuit of the Grand Prix of Bahrain of Formula 1 inaugurated in 2004 during the Grand Prix of Bahrain 2004. It was designed, like the new circuits of Shanghai and Sepang, by the German architect Hermann Tilke. In its first configuration, Sakhir is characterized by a succession of short straight lines and slow turns.", "album    entity is the third single from the Canadian rock band Nickelback's seventh studio album, Here and Now. It was initially released as a promotional single in Germany on November 10, 2011, and was later released as a radio single in the United States on February 14, 2012. On February 16, 2012, a behind-the-scenes video is posted on nickelbacktv on YouTube. A music video was shot for the single, it premiered on March 29, 2012. It was also used as the official theme song for WWE's Elimination Chamber .", "album    entity is the 31st single from Nickelback and the third from their 2011 Here and Now album.", "album    entity is the first official single released from Nickelback's sixth studio album, Dark Horse.", "album    entity is the twenty-first single from All the Right Reasons and the first from their 2008 album Dark Horse.", "cricketer    entity was a Scottish tennis player who represented Great Britain in the Davis Cup. Collins, primarily a doubles player, never fully recovered from a broken leg in his youth but still had a lengthy tennis career. It was said that due to the contortion he made when he served he looked like a \"monkey mounting a pole\". He had broken his leg soon after arriving at Magdalen College, Oxford, from Harrow School. While at Harrow he had appeared in every Eton v Harrow cricket match from 1919 to 1922. He played cricket for the university as a batsman and in 1925 appeared in a first-class match against Middlesex. Two years later he represented Scotland in a first-class match against Ireland.", "cricketer    entity was a British tennis and cricket player, born in Glasgow on April 23, 1903 and died on March 20, 1975 in Glasgow.", "university    entity is a French-language public research university in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The university's main campus is located on the northern slope of Mount Royal in the neighbourhoods of Outremont and C\u00f4te-des-Neiges. The institution comprises thirteen faculties, more than sixty departments and two affiliated schools: the Polytechnique Montr\u00e9al and HEC Montr\u00e9al . It offers more than 650 undergraduate programmes and graduate programmes, including 71 doctoral programmes.", "university    entity is one of four higher education institutions in Montreal, Quebec. It is one of the ten major universities in Canada and at the same time the largest in Quebec for the number of students as well as for research. According to an external consulting firm, the University of Montreal is considered the 3rd Canadian university in importance in terms of the amount allocated to research in 2013.", "album    entity is an instrumental by Canadian electronic music producer Deadmau5 and American DJ Wolfgang Gartner. It was released on September 6, 2010, as the second single from Deadmau5's fifth studio album, 4\u00d74=12.", "album    entity is a single by Canadian DJ and composer Deadmau5 and American producer Wolfgang Gartner, released on September 17, 2010 as a digital download.", "album    entity is a song written by Grace Slick and recorded by the American rock band Jefferson Airplane for their 1967 album Surrealistic Pillow. It was released as a single and became the band's second top-10 success, peaking at number eight on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was ranked number 455 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time and appears on The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll.", "album    entity is a song by the psychedelic rock band Jefferson Airplane, released in February 1967 on their Surrealistic Pillow album. It was also released as a single which reached No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was composed by Grace Slick in late 1965, early 1966, then performed with her band The Great Society in 1966 before furthering Slick's integration within the Jefferson Airplane Group.", "record label    entity was a popular rock and alternative American record label in the 1980s.", "record label    entity is a rock and alternative music record label founded in the early 1980s by brothers William and Wesley Hein, joined in 1984 by Jim Martone.", "soccer player    entity is a Latvian professional tennis player. In 2008, Gulbis won his first ATP Tour doubles title at the U.S. Men's Clay Court Championships, teaming with Rainer Sch\u00fcttler, and in 2010 won his first ATP Tour singles title in the Delray Beach, defeating Ivo Karlovi\u0107 in the final. In total, Gulbis has six ATP titles to his name. His best performance at a Grand Slam is reaching the semifinals of the 2014 French Open. He had previously reached the quarterfinals of the 2008 French Open. Gulbis' career-high singles ranking is world No. 10, making him the only Latvian tennis player ever to be ranked inside the top 10 in ATP Singles Ranking. He achieved this in June 2014.", "soccer player    entity is a Latvian tennis player born August 30, 1988 in Riga. A professional since 2004, he has won six singles titles on the ATP circuit and his best result in a Grand Slam tournament is a semi-final at Roland Garros lost to Novak Djokovic in 2014. He was coached by the former player and captain of the Croatian Davis Cup team Nikola Pili \u0107 .", "actor    entity is an industry where actors provide voice-overs as characters or narrators in media including anime, video games, audio dramas, commercials, and dubbing for non-Japanese films and television programs. In Japan, voice actors and actresses have devoted fan clubs due to a crossover with the idol industry, and some fans may watch a show merely to hear a particular voice actor. Many voice actors have concurrent singing careers and have also crossed over to live-action media.", "actor    entity is the name given to actors specializing in dubbing in Japan. Japan has a large part of the television trade. This large animation industry produces 60% of the world's anime series. In addition to being used in radio storytelling, and as voice-overs for non-Japanese television programs and films, seiy\u016b double Lots of anime and video games.", "prefecture    entity is a French department in the region of \u00cele-de-France. It is named after the river entity. It was formed on 1 January 1968 when Seine-et-Oise was split into smaller departments.", "prefecture    entity is a French department located south of Paris, in the \u00cele-de-France region, partly integrated into the Paris metropolitan area, which takes its name from the Essonne river whose course crosses the territory according to a south-north axis to the confluence with the Seine.Officially created on January 1, 1968 by dismemberment of the former Seine-et-Oise, it bears the Insee and postal code 91, covers an area of \u200b\u200b1,804 km2, occupied in 2010 by 1,215,340 inhabitants, its chief", "comics creator    entity is a fantasy novel by Greg Keyes. It is the first of two books based on The Elder Scrolls series of video games. It was published on November 24, 2009 by Titan Books in the UK, and Del Rey Books in the US.", "comics creator    entity is the first book in a cycle of two novels written by Gregory Keyes that follows the story of The Elder Scrolls universe set between the events depicted in the video games Oblivion and Skyrim. Published in the United States by Del Rey Books in 2009, it was translated into French and published by Editions Fleuve noir in 2011.", "single    entity was an American track and field athlete who won four gold medals at the 1936 Olympic Games. Owens specialized in the sprints and the long jump and was recognized in his lifetime as \"perhaps the greatest and most famous athlete in track and field history\". He set three world records and tied another, all in less than an hour, at the 1935 Big Ten track meet in Ann Arbor, Michigan\u2014a feat that has never been equaled and has been called \"the greatest 45 minutes ever in sport\".", "single    entity was an American athlete considered the first black athlete of international renown, and one of the best sprinters of the interwar period.", "screen writer    entity was an American film director. Green entered film in 1912 as an actor for the Selig Polyscope Company. He became an assistant to director Colin Campbell. He then started to direct two-reelers until he started features in 1917.", "screen writer    entity is an American director and actor born July 11, 1889 in Perris, California, and died September 4, 1960 in Hollywood. He is the father of director Hilton A. Green.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Zandvoort on June 19, 1955. It was race 5 of 7 in the 1955 World Championship of Drivers. The 100-lap race was won by Mercedes driver Juan Manuel Fangio after he started from pole position. His teammate Stirling Moss finished second and Maserati driver Luigi Musso came in third.", "formula one team    Results of the 1955 Formula 1 Dutch Grand Prix held at Circuit Zandvoort on June 19, 1955.", "album    entity is the third album released by the band Draconian through Napalm Records on the 29th of September 2006 . It consists of three original songs , three redone demos from The Closed Eyes of Paradise , and two covers of songs from the 1970s .", "album    entity is the debut compilation by Swedish gothic/doom metal band Draconian. The album was released on September 29, 2006 under the Napalm Records label. twice.", "album    entity is a 2010 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It is the third single from her 2010 eighth album Bleu Noir and was released digitally on 16 May 2011, then it was released physically on 4 July. As \"Oui mais... non\", the lead single from the album, The lyrics were written by Farmer with the music composed by RedOne. The song title comes from a female character created by Farmer which was already used in her 2002 music video for \"C'est une belle journ\u00e9e\" and served as trademark for one of her commercial companies. Musically, the song has electro and dance sonorities. It was generally praised in the media and reached number-one on the French Singles Chart.", "album    entity is the third single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's 8th studio album entitled Bleu noir. The singer wrote the text and the Moroccan composer RedOne, who already composed the first single from the album Oui mais... non, signed the music for this new title.", "musical artist    entity was a German pop music duo consisting of arranger, songwriter and producer Dieter Bohlen and singer Thomas Anders. They have been referred to as Germany's most successful pop duo, and have had a number of hit singles, reaching the top five in many countries. Their most popular singles are \"You're My Heart, You're My Soul\", \"You Can Win If You Want\", \"Cheri, Cheri Lady\", \"Brother Louie\", \"Atlantis Is Calling \" and \"Geronimo's Cadillac\".", "musical artist    entity is a German new wave music group then formed by Dieter Bohlen and Thomas Anders. Their music is often close to that of their compatriots from Alphaville, or that of groups like The Human League, Erasure, Depeche Mode, Indochine, or the Pet Shop Boys. To date, the duo have sold over 120 million records worldwide and are, in fact, one of the top selling bands in Germany.", "album    entity is a song by Avenged Sevenfold, released as the single from their second album, Waking the Fallen.It was the first single by the band to receive mainstream exposure and was heavily rotated on MTV2's Headbangers Ball.", "album    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold, which appeared on their 2003 second album Waking the Fallen. The song is one of the band's best-known tracks, notably for its riff.", "screen writer    \u30a2\u30d6\u30e9\u30cf\u30e0\u3001\u30a8\u30a4\u30d6\u30e9\u30cf\u30e0 \u4eba\u540d \u3000\u82f1\u8a9e\u570f\u306e\u767a\u97f3\u306f\u30a8\u30a4\u30d6\u30e9\u30cf\u30e0\u304c\u8fd1\u3044\u304c\u3001\u65e5\u672c\u8a9e\u3067\u306f\u305d\u308c\u3082\u30a2\u30d6\u30e9\u30cf\u30e0\u3068\u8868\u8a18\u3059\u308b\u3053\u3068\u304c\u591a\u3044\u3002\u540d\u3001\u59d3\u3001\u3044\u305a\u308c\u306b\u3082\u5b58\u5728\u3059\u308b\u3002", "screen writer    entity is a TV movie resulting from an international co-production between the United States, France, Germany, Italy and the Czech Republic, directed by Joseph Sargent, broadcast in 1993. The TV movie retraces, following the text of the 'Old Testament, the stages of the life of entity, biblical character from Genesis, one of the main patriarchs of Judaism, Christianity and Islam.", "mountain    entity is the 92nd\u2013highest peak in Ireland on the Arderin scale, and the 114th\u2013highest peak on the Vandeleur-Lynam scale. Silsean is in the central sector, at the western edge, of the Wicklow Mountains, in Wicklow, Ireland. Silsean is on a small massif alongside Moanbane 703 metres which lies between the Blessington lakes , and the major massif of Mullaghcleevaun 849 metres .", "mountain    entity is a peak of the Wicklow Mountains culminating at 698 meters above sea level, in Ireland.", "single    entity is a German rower who won a gold medal in the coxed fours at the 1980 Summer Olympics. She also won two gold and three silver medals at the world championships of 1978\u20131983, most of them with Marita Sandig. After retiring from competitions, she worked as a dentist. She competed at the 1978 World Championships under her maiden name and competed under her married name a year later in Bled.", "single    entity is an East German rower.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Christina Aguilera from her sixth studio album Bionic . It was written by Aguilera, Sia Furler, and the producer Samuel Dixon. entity was released on June 25, 2010 by RCA Records as the third single from Bionic. The track is a down-tempo ballad that talks about an unfaithful man, who has left Aguilera's world \"infected\".", "album    entity is a ballad by American singer and songwriter Christina Aguilera. It is the third single from Bionic, his fourth studio album. For this song, the singer calls on singer and songwriter Sia Furler and producer Samuel Dixon.", "software    entity is a software framework primarily designed for the development of video games, and generally includes relevant libraries and support programs. The \"engine\" terminology is similar to the term \"software engine\" used in the software industry. Game engine can also refer to the development software utilizing this framework, typically offering a suite of tools and features for developing games.", "software    entity is a collection of software components that perform geometry and physics calculations used in video games. The whole forms a flexible real-time simulator that reproduces the characteristics of the imaginary worlds in which the games take place.", "noble    entity is an order of merit established in 1740 by King Frederick II of Prussia. entity was awarded as both a military and civil honour and ranked, along with the Order of the Black Eagle, the Order of the Red Eagle and the House Order of Hohenzollern, among the highest orders of merit in the Kingdom of Prussia. After 1871, when the various German kingdoms, grand duchies, duchies, principalities and Hanseatic city states had come together under Prussian leadership to form the federally structured German Empire, the Prussian honours gradually assumed, at least in public perception, the status of honours of Imperial Germany, even though many honours of the various German s", "noble    entity is a Prussian decoration created by Frederick II in 1740. The last military bearer of the Pour le merit cross, Ernst J\u00fcnger, died in 1998.", "album    entity is a song by the Swedish pop group ABBA, released in January 1978 as the second single from their fifth studio album, ABBA: The Album. Agnetha F\u00e4ltskog and Anni-Frid Lyngstad share the lead vocals on the verses and choruses, with F\u00e4ltskog singing two bridge sections solo.It reached the top ten in both the UK and US. The song was notably covered by the British band Erasure, and was performed by Julie Walters in the film Mamma Mia!.", "album    entity is a song by Swedish pop group ABBA which was recorded in 1977 and released in 1978. It was the second single to be released after their fifth album, simply called The Album. The song appears on many compilations such as ABBA Gold - Greatest Hits.", "screen writer    entity is an English actress. She is the recipient of several accolades, including one Golden Globe, one BAFTA, one Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress and two Academy Award nominations. Blethyn pursued an administrative career before enrolling in the Guildford School of Acting in her late 20s. She subsequently joined the Royal National Theatre and gained attention for her performances in Troilus and Cressida , Mysteries , Steaming , and Benefactors , receiving an Olivier nomination for the latter.", "screen writer    entity is an English actress.", "painter    entity was an Armenian writer, educator, folklorist, historian, linguist and public figure.", "painter    entity was a famous writer, educator, folklorist and linguist from Armenia. He changed his profession almost all his life: he was a bohemian, a troubadour, a hunter, a factory worker and a horticulturist until he participated in the renaissance culture of Armenia in the 19th century, alongside Michael Nalbandian.Literature portal Literature portal Armenia portal Armenia portal", "vice president    entity is a Zambian politician who was the acting president of Zambia between October 2014 and January 2015 and the 12th vice-president of Zambia from 2011 to 2014. Scott was named Acting President upon Michael Sata's death in office on 28 October 2014. He was the first white president of Zambia and the first white president in mainland sub-Saharan Africa since F. W. de Klerk, South Africa's last apartheid-era president, left office in 1994.", "vice president    entity is a Zambian politician of English and Scottish descent. Vice-president of the Republic of Zambia since September 2011, he has been acting president since October 29, 2014. He is the first white head of state in sub-Saharan Africa since 1994.", "village    entity is a city in the northern part of France, in French Flanders. On the river De\u00fble, near France's border with Belgium, it is the capital of the Hauts-de-France region, the prefecture of the Nord department, and the main city of the M\u00e9tropole Europ\u00e9enne de entity.", "village    entity is a commune in the north of France, prefecture of the Nord department and capital of the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region. Nicknamed the \"Capital of Flanders\", entity is, with its 228,652 inhabitants at the last census of 2012, the main city, alongside Roubaix, Tourcoing and Villeneuve-d'Ascq, of the European Metropolis of entity, a metropolis which brings together 85 municipalities and has approximately 1.2 million inhabitants.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey forward, who is currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played for Dynamo Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League . Player of the Russia national team. Became World champion in 2009 at the world championship in Bern, Switzerland. He has won the Gagarin Cup twice with Dynamo in 2012 and 2013.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a single by Swedish house producers Sebastian Ingrosso and Alesso featuring American recording artist Ryan Tedder of OneRepublic. It was released in Sweden on 13 March 2012 and in the UK on 27 May 2012. American recording artist Matthew Koma assisted the artists in writing the song. The original instrumental version of the track was released on 31 August 2011, under the name \"Calling\". The song topped the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart and was also a top-ten hit in Australia and the UK. It was featured on Swedish House Mafia's second compilation album Until Now, released on 22 October 2012.", "album    entity is an instrumental house song by two Swedish DJs and composers Sebastian Ingrosso and Alesso released on August 31, 2011 under the Refune and UMG labels. The song was written by Ryan Tedder, Sebastian Ingrosso, Alessandro Lindblad, Matthew Blair and produced by Sebastian Ingrosso, Alesso.", "painting    entity is an album of contemporary classical music composed by John Zorn and released in October 2010 on the Tzadik label. It was originally composed in 1999, 11 years prior to release. It features many of Zorn's prominent collaborators, including Erik Friedlander, Stephen Drury, and Fred Sherry.", "painting    entity is an album by John Zorn released in 2010 on the Tzadik label. It includes three compositions by John Zorn: Contes De F\u00e9es violin concerto, .\u02d9. for solo piano, 777 , for cello trio, dedicated to Fred Sherry.", "village    entity is a department in the Grand Est region of northeastern France named after the broader entity. Its prefecture is the town Charleville-M\u00e9zi\u00e8res. The inhabitants of the department are known as Ardennais or Ardennaises.", "village    entity is a French department in the Champagne-Ardenne region. The smallest department in the Champagne-Ardenne region by area, it is the only one in the region to have a border with Belgium. It is crossed in its northern part through the winding valley of the Meuse; it is in this part of the department that most of the inhabitants and activities are concentrated; Charleville-M\u00e9zi\u00e8res and Sedan are the main urban centers. The department is part of", "album    entity is the second studio album by the American rock band The All-American Rejects, released on July 12, 2005, by Interscope Records. It spawned three top 15 singles which helped the album ship 2 million units to be certified double platinum by the RIAA.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released in July 2005.", "album    entity is the tenth album by British progressive rock band Gentle Giant which was released in 1978. The band's previous use of counterpoint and medieval-themed arrangements was not present on this recording. This album features a pop rock sensibility, instead of their usual progressive rock sound. Unlike the previous albums, the band did not make any tour or concerts to support this album. From the album only the title track was ever played live by the band during its final tour supporting the Civilian album.", "album    entity is the eleventh studio album by British band Gentle Giant. This album shows a turning point in the history of the group since it makes a turn towards pop/rock by turning away from progressive rock. The album is rather hated by fans, with the album not even making the top 200 in the United States. This is their penultimate.", "vice president    entity was a Continental Army general during the American Revolutionary War. Moore was born into a prominent political family in the colonial Province of North Carolina, he was one of only five generals from North Carolina to serve in the Continental Army. He spent much of his childhood and youth on his family's estates in the lower Cape Fear River area, but soon became active in the colonial military structure in North Carolina.", "vice president    entity was one of five generals from North Carolina who served in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War. Born into a prominent North Carolina family, Moore spent much of his childhood and youth on his family's estates in the Cape Fear River region, then quickly joined the colonial military structure of North Carolina.", "vice president    entity is a French transportation conglomerate headquartered in Puteaux, on the western outskirts of Paris, France. The company, which focuses on paper, energy, plantations and logistics, employs 36,500 people around the world. In 2004, the group ranked amongst the top 200 European companies. The company is listed on the Euronext exchange in Paris, but the Bollor\u00e9 family retains majority control of the company through a complex and indirect holding structure. The company is led by Vincent Bollor\u00e9.", "vice president    entity is an international French group mainly in transport and logistics, under the direction of Vincent entity, the group has its origins in a family business created in 1822. In 2004, entity was among the top two hundred European industrial groups and the fifty first French. In 2007, it achieved six billion euros in turnover and employed 6,000 people in France.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a department in the western part of the \u00cele-de-France region in Northern France. In 2016, it had a population of 1,431,808. Its prefecture is Versailles, home to the Palace of Versailles, the principal residence of the King of France from 1682 until 1789, a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1979. entity' subprefectures are Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Mantes-la-Jolie and Rambouillet.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a French department, belonging to the great crown of the \u00cele-de-France region. Created in 1964, it is the largest of the departments resulting from the dismemberment of the former Seine-et-Oise and the ninth largest French department by population. Insee and the Post Office assign it the code 78 taken from the former Seine-et-Oise. Its general council is chaired by Pierre B\u00e9dier.", "album    entity is a song recorded by English drummer and singer-songwriter Phil Collins. Produced by Collins along with Hugh Padgham, it was released as the first single from his number-one album ...But Seriously . As with his song for Genesis, \"Man on the Corner\", the track has as its subject the problem of homelessness; as such, the song was a substantial departure from the dance-pop music of his previous album, No Jacket Required .", "album    entity is a song by Phil Collins, released as the lead single from the album ...But Seriously on October 9, 1989 in the United States. Just like the Genesis song, Man on the Corner, entity was written to raise awareness of homelessness, which is why the song doesn't have the dance-pop rhythm of the previous album. No Jacket Required released in 1985.", "sport    entity is the seventh studio album by American rock band Green Day, released on September 21, 2004, by Reprise Records. The album was produced by Rob Cavallo in collaboration with Green Day, an arrangement the group have been using since they signed with a major label. Recording sessions for entity were made at Studio 880, in Oakland and Ocean Way Recording in Hollywood, both in California, between 2003 and 2004. A concept album, dubbed a \"punk rock opera\" by the band members, entity follows the story of Jesus of Suburbia, a lower-middle-class American adolescent anti-hero. The album expresses the disillusionment and dissent of a generation that came of age in a period shaped by tumultuous events such as 9/11 and the Iraq War. In order to accomplish this, the band u", "sport    entity is the seventh studio album by American punk rock band Green Day, released on September 21, 2004 through Reprise Records. The group builds this album like a rock opera which retraces episodes in the life of Jesus of Suburbia, anti-hero imagined by singer and guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong. Frustrated by his life, he decides to leave his suburbs to seek a better life in the city.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Pilic\u81ae, within Gr\u8d38jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres south of Nowe Miasto nad Pilic\u81ae, 37 km south-west of Gr\u8d38jec, and 76 km south of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Nowe Miasto nad Pilic \u0105 in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 5 kilometers south of Nowe Miasto nad Pilic \u0105 , 37 kilometers south -west of Gr\u00f3jec and 76 kilometers south of Warsaw.", "album    entity is a song by Japanese-American recording artist Utada Hikaru from their second studio album Distance . It was released as the album's lead single on September 6, 1999 by EMI Music Japan. entity was written by Utada and produced by Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis; this is Utada's first collaboration with American producers and composers. The single artwork was shot by American photographer Richard Avedon and features two black-and-white figures of Utada. Musically, entity is an R&B song.", "album    entity is the fourth single from Hikaru Utada, released in 1999.", "formula one racer    entity is an automobile racing circuit located in Speedway, Indiana in the United States. It is the home of the Indianapolis 500 and the Verizon 200, and formerly the home of the United States Grand Prix. It is the largest sports venue in the world. It is located on the corner of 16th Street and Georgetown Road, approximately six miles west of Downtown Indianapolis.", "formula one racer    entity is a motor racing circuit located at Speedway in the state of Indiana, United States.", "village    entity is an independent city in Virginia southwest and across the Elizabeth River from Norfolk. As of the 2010 census, the population was 95,535. It is part of the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. The Norfolk Naval Shipyard and Naval Medical Center entity are historic and active U.S. Navy facilities located in entity.", "village    entity is an American town in Virginia which has the status of an independent city. Its population was estimated at 100,577 in 2008. The Norfolk Naval Shipyard, a historic US Navy shipyard, is located on its territory.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race that was held on 29 March 2015 at the Sepang International Circuit in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It was the seventeenth running of the Malaysian Grand Prix as a World Championship event. Lewis Hamilton came into the race leading the Drivers' championship by seven points over teammate Nico Rosberg, followed closely by Sebastian Vettel, a further three points adrift. Mercedes entered with a twenty-eight-point lead over Ferrari in the Constructors' championship campaign.", "formula one team    entity is the 918th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950, the seventeenth held at Sepang since 1999, and the second round of the 2015 championship.", "album    entity is a song by the Jimi Hendrix Experience, released on on their debut album Are You Experienced . In a 1968 interview, Hendrix said it \"was dedicated to the American-Indian and all minority depression groups\". The song was part of the Experience concert repertoire and Hendrix often repeated the dedication during his introductions.", "album    entity is a song written by Jimi Hendrix and recorded with his band, The Jimi Hendrix Experience. It is featured on the band's debut album, Are You Experienced, released May 12, 1967.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina \u0141\u0119czna, within \u0141\u0119czna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres west of \u0141\u0119czna and 19 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of \u0141\u0119 czna in \u0141\u0119 czna County, Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "film    entity is a 1979 videotaped version of Trevor Nunn's Royal Shakespeare Company production of the play by William Shakespeare. Produced by Thames Television, it features Ian McKellen as entity and Judi Dench as Lady entity. The TV version was directed by Philip Casson.", "film    entity is a British television film, directed by Philip Casson and broadcast on television on ITV in 1979.", "soccer player    entity is a Burkinab\u00e9 professional footballer who plays for Omani club Muscat Club as a midfielder.", "soccer player    entity is a Burkinabe footballer, who plays as a midfielder at Valletta Football Club in the Maltese first division.", "painting    entity is a painting by the Spanish surrealist Salvador Dal\u00ed. This painting is from Dal\u00ed's Paranoiac-critical period. Painted using oil on canvas, it contains one of Dal\u00ed's famous double images. The double images were a major part of Dal\u00ed's \"paranoia-critical method\", which he put forward in his 1935 essay \"The Conquest of the Irrational\". He explained his process as a \"spontaneous method of irrational understanding based upon the interpretative critical association of delirious phenomena.\" Dal\u00ed used this method to bring forth the hallucinatory forms, double images and visual illusions that filled his paintings during the Thirties.", "painting    entity is a surrealist oil on canvas painting by Salvador Dal\u00ed.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by the English singer-songwriter and musician Peter Gabriel, released on 28 September 1992 by Real World Records. Following the release of his soundtrack album Passion in 1989, Gabriel started work on new material for a new album, his first since So, which became his biggest selling release. Gabriel focused on personal themes on entity, including his divorce in the late 1980s, his subsequent relationship with actress Rosanna Arquette, and the growing distance between him and his first daughter.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by Peter Gabriel, first released in 1992. It was remastered, like most of the musician's catalog, in 2002. The album's singles are Digging in the Dirt, Steam, Blood of Eden, and Kiss That Frog.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Vanessa Carlton, released on April 30, 2002, through A&M Records.As of late 2004 the album had sold 1.38 million copies in the US according to Nielsen SoundScan, and Variety magazine reported in July 2003 that it had sold 2.3 million worldwide. Billboard magazine placed Carlton at number twenty-one on its year-end \"Top Pop Artists\" list for 2002.", "album    entity is Vanessa Carlton's debut album produced by Ron Fair in 2002.", "soccer player    entity is a Congolese football striker who plays for V.League 1 side Sanna Kh\u00e1nh H\u00f2a BVN. He has also played for the Congo DR national team. In December 2012, he moved to Vietnam and signed a contract with Thanh H\u00f3a. With Qu\u1ea3ng Nam, he was the top scorer for the 2015 V.League 1 season, scoring 18 goals.", "soccer player    entity is a Congolese footballer playing as an attacker. Today he plays in the Belgian team FC Brussels and in Democratic Republic of the Congo team.Football portal Football portal Democratic Republic of the Congo portal Democratic Republic of the Congo portal", "old territory    entity was a sovereign state on the island of Great Britain from 12 July 927, when it emerged from various Anglo-Saxon kingdoms, until 1 May 1707, when it united with Scotland to form the Kingdom of Great Britain. entity was among the most powerful states in Europe during the medieval period.", "old territory    entity is a sovereign state, located in Western Europe, in the southern part of the island of Great Britain. From 927, its territory covered that of present-day England, then in addition that of Wales following the invasion of the latter in 1284 by Edward I of England. The main royal residence was originally in Winchester, Hampshire, but London and Gloucester were given almost equal status \u2014 particularly London, q", "album    entity is the eleventh studio album by American West Coast hip hop recording artist Snoop Dogg. It was released on March 29, 2011 on the Priority Records record label. The album was produced by Battlecat, The Cataracs, Gorillaz, David Banner, THX, DJ Khalil, Fredwreck, Jake One, David Guetta, Mike Dean, Jeff Bhasker, Lex Luger, Meech Wells, Mr. Porter, Rick Rock, Rick Rude, Scoop DeVille, Scott Storch, Warryn Campbell, Kanye West, DJ Reflex, among others. It was supported by the singles Wet and Boom.", "album    entity is the 11th studio album by rapper Snoop Dogg, released in late March 2011.", "actor    entity is a Barbadian singer, actress, fashion designer, and businesswoman. Born in Saint Michael and raised in Bridgetown, Barbados, Rihanna was discovered by American record producer Evan Rogers who invited her to the United States to record demo tapes. After signing with Def Jam in 2005, she soon gained recognition with the release of her first two studio albums, Music of the Sun and A Girl Like Me , both of which were influenced by Caribbean music and peaked within the top ten of the US Billboard 200 chart.", "actor    entity is a Barbadian singer and actress. Throughout her career, Rihanna has released seven studio albums and two remix albums, often changing styles. Her first album Music of the Sun is dancehall, reggae and pop oriented, and her second album, A Girl like Me remains in the same style as its predecessor.", "record label    entity were an American songwriting and record production team consisting of Bruno Mars , Philip Lawrence , and Ari Levine . entity were established in Los Angeles, California; their production and writing services had been increasingly in demand since 2009. Eventually, the trio split, and with Christopher Brody Brown, Mars and Lawrence formed a new production trio called \"Shampoo Press & Curl\".", "record label    entity are a team of songwriters including Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence and Ari Levine.", "album    entity is a single by rapper 50 Cent. It was released in November 2005 as the second single and first single from the Get Rich or Die Tryin' soundtrack released in 2005, as well as the film's theme song. It was later included on his 2005 album, The Massacre as a bonus track. It peaked at number 20 on the Billboard Hot 100, and had slightly more success in a couple of other countries. The song was certified Gold by the RIAA.", "album    entity is a song by 50 Cent taken from the soundtrack of R\u00e9ussir ou Mourir which will be a success in 2004. The song is based on a sample of Burnin' and Lootin' by Bob Marley.", "album    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey from her fifth studio album Daydream . It was released by Columbia Records on March 9, 1996, as the third US single and fourth overall. The song was written and produced by Carey, Jermaine Dupri and Manuel Seal. A midtempo song, its lyrics describe the feeling of attachment and unity the singer feels towards her estranged lover, even though they are no longer together, she says he will always be a part of her and will \"always be her baby\" even after they move on.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Mariah Carey from her fifth studio album, Daydream. It was released as a single on March 9, 1996 by Columbia Records. The song is written by Jermaine Dupri and Manuel Seal who also produced the track. In this moderate-tempo song, the lyrics describe the character's sense of bonding and bonding with their boyfriend even though they are no longer together.", "military conflict    entity was a siege of the city of Danzig during the War of the Sixth Coalition by Russian and Prussian forces against Jean Rapp's permanent French garrison, which had been augmented by soldiers from the Grande Arm\u00e9e retreating from its Russian campaign. The garrison included two crack divisions under \u00c9tienne Heudelet de Bierre and Charles Louis Dieudonn\u00e9 Grandjean plus whole units and stragglers that had lost contact with their units, all with their health and morale both weakened and most of their equipment lost and carrying their wounded. The siege was begun by cossacks under hetman Matvei Platov, then was continued mainly by infantry, mainly militiamen and irregulars. It lasted ended in a French surrender to Coalition forces.", "military conflict    entity was the blockade of the eponymous city by Russian and Prussian troops against Grand Army troops from January to December 1813 during the Sixth Coalition. Danzig was a Free Prussian city, following the Treaty of Tilsit, of 60,000 inhabitants, located at the mouth of the Vistula and on the shores of the Baltic Sea.", "album    entity is a song by the German group Scooter. It was released in May 1995 as the third single from their first album ... and the Beat Goes On!. The song was covered in 2009 by Klostertaler, for a Scooter tribute album. In April 2011, an updated version of the original, entitled \"Friends Turbo\", was released as the theme to the film New Kids Turbo.", "album    entity is a song by Scooter from the album ...and the Beat Goes On!. The song appears on The Move Your Ass EP, released only in the UK.", "soccer player    entity is a German former professional footballer who played as a midfielder and striker. He is currently the sporting director of Hannover 96.", "soccer player    entity is a German international footballer born July 18, 1983 in Waldbr\u00f6l. He is 1.80m tall. He plays as a striker or attacking midfielder.", "film    entity is a 1954 French language motion picture crime drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co-wrote screenplay with Antoine Blondin, Roland Laudenbach and Gian Luigi Rondi, based on story \"Silent as the Grave\" by Cornell Woolrich written under the pseudonym of William Irish. The film stars Mich\u732ble Morgan and Raf Vallone. It tells the story of a couple forming a circus trapeze act, and their involvement in a murder case.", "film    entity is a French film by Jean Delannoy, released in 1954.", "album    entity is a song by English rock band Muse, released as the fifth single from their sixth studio album The 2nd Law on 31 May 2013. The song was written by Matthew Bellamy. It is featured as the third track on the album. It is their first single to contain profanity.", "album    entity is the third track from Muse's The 2nd Law album, which was released on October 1, 2012. It is the fifth single from the album and the band's 31st, which was released on May 31, 2013.", "film    entity is a 1993 American action thriller film directed by Renny Harlin and starring Sylvester Stallone, John Lithgow, Michael Rooker and Janine Turner. Based on a concept by climber John Long, the film follows Gabe , a mountain climber who becomes embroiled in a heist of a U.S. Treasury plane flying through the Rocky Mountains. Premiered on May 20, 1993 at the Cannes Film Festival and released on May 28, 1993 in the United States, the film earned $255 million worldwide.", "film    entity is an American film by Renny Harlin released in 1993.Presented out of competition as a preview at the Cannes Film Festival, it marked the return to center stage of Sylvester Stallone who had just suffered several resounding failures in the comedy.", "state    entity is a state in the upper Midwestern United States, bordered by Minnesota to the west, Iowa to the southwest, Illinois to the south, Lake Michigan to the east, Michigan to the northeast, and Lake Superior to the north. entity is the 25th-largest state by total area and the 20th-most populous.", "state    entity is a state in the Midwest of the United States. It is bordered to the north by Lake Superior and Michigan, to the east by Lake Michigan, to the south by Illinois and to the west by Iowa and Minnesota.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album from musician Richard Hawley, released on 21 September 2009 in the UK and on 22 September 2009 in the US. The album title refers to an ancient street in Hawley's native Sheffield, now thought to be the location of present-day Castle Street, which was allegedly named after 18th-century innkeeper Thomas Truelove, who used to charge local people to dump their rubbish in the gutter in the street that then flowed down to the River Don. Thematically, entity is Richard's darkest album to date. Richard told the BBC that the album was inspired by particularly dark periods in his life and those of others. The album features some uncommon instrumentation, such as the waterphone, megabass, and cristal baschet.", "album    entity is an album by Richard Hawley released in 2009.", "album    entity is Olivia's third solo single released on October 10, 1999. It was also released as the first Olivia single on vinyl record, included the original version entity, its English version and two exclusives remixes. This was released on 1999-12-17 only at Shinseido with catalog N\u00ba RR12-88144. entity and its B-side \"Remember Me?\" were both composed by Olivia, the first songs in her career to be written by herself. The English version of entity also features lyrics written by Olivia. The song, like her previous single \"Re-act,\" was used in Kanebo Cosmetics' Kate commercials, and featured Olivia personally.", "album    entity is Olivia's 3rd single released under the Cutting Edge label on October 6, 1999 in Japan, and December 17, 1999 on Vinyl. It peaked at number 29 on the Oricon chart, and remained ranked for 3 weeks, for a total of 14,860 copies sold. entity was used as an advertising campaign for Kanebo Kate; and Remember Me? was used as an advertising campaign for Morinaga Confectionary Wafer Chocolate CuBiC. entity is on the Synchronicity album.", "village    entity is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Aude in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called Treillois.", "village    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lubusz Voivodeship, western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Mi\u0119dzyrzecz, which lies 48 km south-east of Gorz\u00f3w Wielkopolski and 68 km north of Zielona G\u00f3ra. The county also contains the towns of Skwierzyna, lying 19 km north of Mi\u0119dzyrzecz, and Trzciel, 25 km south-east of Mi\u0119dzyrzecz.", "village    entity is a county belonging to the Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland .", "video game    entity is a discontinued browser, the first to be popular for the World Wide Web . It was first released in 1991/1992 for Unix and acted as the recommended browser at CERN, where the WWW was invented, but eventually lost its position as most frequently used browser to Mosaic.", "video game    entity was the first popular web browser.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in W\u0105growiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. Its seat is the town of W\u0105growiec, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina. The gmina covers an area of 347.75 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 11,333.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in entity County, Greater Poland, in west-central Poland. Its seat is the town of W\u0105 growiec , although it is not part of the territory of the gmina. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b347.75 km2 with a population of 11,333 inhabitants.", "instrumentalist    entity is the former keyboardist of Swedish progressive death metal band Opeth, and a member of Michael Amott's stoner metal band Spiritual Beggars. Wiberg was born in Borl\u00e4nge. He toured with Opeth from the 2003 Deliverance/Damnation tour onward, and joined Opeth officially in 2005. Wiberg provided backing vocals for Opeth in addition to his keyboard duties. Before joining Spiritual Beggars he was a member of Death Organ, a band based in Borl\u00e4nge. He has also fronted the band Boom Club, of the same area.", "instrumentalist    entity is a pianist best known for being the keyboardist for Swedish progressive death metal band Opeth from 2003 to 2011. He is a member of Michael Amott's stoner band, Spiritual Beggars. Wiberg toured Deliverance/Damnation in 2003 with Opeth, before officially joining the band in 2005, Wiberg provided backing vocals in addition to his keyboard playing. He left the band on a 'mutual decision' between himself and the others members.", "military person    entity was a French military leader in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars. Saligny was born 12 September 1772 in Vitry-le-Fran\u00e7ois. He was promoted to general of division on 1 January 1805. He was raised to Duke of San Germano, an Italian title created by Napoleon in the Two Sicilies in March 1806. The title became extinct upon his death on 25 February 1809 in Madrid. He fought at the Battle of Austerlitz.", "military person    entity was a French general of the Revolution and the Empire.", "comics creator    entity was a Norwegian writer who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1920. Hamsun's work spans more than 70 years and shows variation with regard to consciousness, subject, perspective and environment. He published more than 20 novels, a collection of poetry, some short stories and plays, a travelogue, works of non-fiction and some essays.", "comics creator    entity was a Norwegian writer, winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1920. His work, close to modernist literature, opposes naturalism to reconstruct the mechanisms of thought.", "village    entity is a commune in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales department in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called entityans.", "album    entity is the fourth album by death metal band Six Feet Under. The album contains fan favourites such as \"The Day the Dead Walked\", \"One Bullet Left\" and \"Sick and Twisted\". It is the band's first album to feature their modern logo on the cover, as well as their shortest album to date.", "album    entity is Six Feet Under's fourth studio album. The presence of Karyn Crisis in the song \"Sick and Twisted\" makes it the 1st death metal song containing a male-female duet, while the presence of Ice-T in the song \"One Bullet Left\" makes it the first song of \"rap-death\".", "prefecture    entity is a department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region, bordering Alpes-Maritimes and Italy to the east, Var to the south, Vaucluse to the west, Dr\u00f4me and Hautes-Alpes to the north. Formerly part of the province of Provence, it had a population of 161,588 in 2016. Its main cities are Digne-les-Bains , Manosque, Sisteron, Barcelonnette, Castellane and Forcalquier. Inhabitants of entity are called the Bas-Alpins or Bas-Alpines referring to the department of Basses-Alpes which was the former name of the department until 1970.", "prefecture    entity is a French department in the Provence -Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Insee and La Poste assign it the code 04.", "sports league    entity is amongst the biggest multi-functional arenas in Europe, and the K\u00f6lner Haie have the second highest average attendance in European ice hockey behind Swiss team SC Bern. Previously, the K\u00f6lner Haie played their home games at the Eisstadion an der Lentstra\u00dfe. A strong local rivalry exists between the K\u00f6lner Haie and the D\u00fcsseldorfer EG, of neighboring D\u00fcsseldorf. Games between the two teams often s", "sports league    entity are a German professional ice hockey club based in Cologne in North Rhine-Westphalia. The club plays its matches in the Lanxess Arena.", "single    entity was a French rower who won a silver medal in the coxed pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics, together with his elder brother Armand.", "single    entity was a French rower born on April 1, 1909 in Reims and died on November 9, 2001 in Reims.", "village    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 577 inhabitants.", "album    entity is the third remix album by Icelandic artist Bj\u679ark, it was released on 19 November 2012. The album features remixes of tracks from her eighth studio album, Biophilia . All of the remixes were previously released on The Crystalline Series or the Biophilia Remix Series, and they were all remastered by Mandy Parnell.", "album    entity is a remix album by Icelandic artist Bj\u00f6rk. This album contains 13 remix tracks of various songs from his previous album, Biophilia. The release of this album was scheduled for November 19, 2012.", "formula one team    entity was a non-Championship motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 22 March 1970 at Brands Hatch circuit in Kent, England. The race was run over 50 laps of the circuit, and was won by Jackie Stewart in a March 701.", "formula one team    Results of the non-championship 1970 Formula 1 Race of Champions held at the Brands Hatch circuit on 22nd March 1970.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Qu\u8305b\u8305cois singer and musician Daniel B\u8305langer.", "album    entity is a concept album of electronic music released in 2003, it is the fifth studio album by singer-songwriter Daniel B\u00e9langer.", "amateur boxer    entity is a decathlete from Brazil. At the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, the first Chinin's Pan, he won the bronze medal in the decathlon. He finished the first day in the second place, dropped to fourth after nine races, but made a startling rise in the last race, the 1500 m, finishing with 7977 points and medal. At the 2007 Universiade in Bangkok, Chinin won a bronze medal, making 7920 points.", "amateur boxer    entity is a Brazilian athlete, specialist in combined events.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He most recently played with HC Sibir Novosibirsk in the Kontinental Hockey League . Makarov was selected 33rd overall in the second round of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft by the Chicago Blackhawks.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a striker.", "film    entity is a 1967 British neo noir spy film based on John le Carr\u00e9's first novel, Call for the Dead, published in 1961. The film stars James Mason and was directed by Sidney Lumet from a script by Paul Dehn. As it is a Columbia Pictures production and Paramount owned the film rights to the name George Smiley, the central character is renamed Charles Dobbs. Paramount acquired the film rights to the character name when filming The Spy Who Came In from the Cold.", "film    entity is a 1966 British film by Sidney Lumet.", "album    entity is a song by Def Leppard from their 1983 album Pyromania. When issued as a single in the United States, the song reached #16 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and #19 on the Cash Box Top 100. It also hit #1 on the Top Tracks Rock chart. In 2012, the band re-recorded the song, along with \"Pour Some Sugar on Me\", under the title \"Rock of Ages 2012\". Both were released digitally on 4 June 2012.", "album    entity is a song by the group Def Leppard released on their third album Pyromania released on January 20, 1983. On this song, we can hear at the beginning the famous sample taken by The Offspring on their song Pretty Fly released in 1998.Portail du rock Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "soccer player    entity is the joint all-time best goalscorer for the Denmark national team with 52 goals in 38 matches. Nielsen won a silver medal with the national team at the 1912 Summer Olympics. He played his career as a Striker for Kj\u00f8benhavns Boldklub, with whom he won six Danish football championships. In Canada, he played for CNR Montr\u00e9al, winning the Dominion of Canada Championship in 1929.", "soccer player    entity was a Danish amateur footballer. He holds the record for goals scored in Denmark with 52 goals scored in 38 games between 1910 and 1925, selection with which he won a silver medal at the 1912 Summer Olympics. In club, he played his entire career in the jersey of Kj\u00f8benhavns Boldklub and won six Danish league titles there.", "sports league    entity is an Egyptian sports club based in Port Said, Egypt. The club is mainly known for its professional football team, which currently plays in the Egyptian Premier League, the highest league in the Egyptian football league system. Al Masry has never won the league, but won their one Egyptian Cup in 1998. The club plays their home matches at the Port Said Stadium, with a capacity of 17,988.", "sports league    entity is an Egyptian multi-sports club, whose most famous section plays football, founded in March 1920, based in the port city of Port Said.", "album    entity is the second full-length album by the American heavy metal band Savatage and was released in 1985. This record was produced by Max Norman, who later went on to produce Megadeth's 1992 hit album Countdown to Extinction. The record was not originally pressed with a Parental Advisory sticker on the cover. However, Atlantic Records did have a problem with some of the sexual metaphors mentioned in \"Hard for Love\" and \"Skull Session.\" It was also a marketing ploy to encourage more people to buy the record as a result of it being \"banned\" by some outlets.", "album    entity is Savatage's second studio album, released in 1985.", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional basketball player for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association . He played college basketball at University of Louisiana at Lafayette, where in 2014 he won the Lefty Driesell Award as the National College Defensive Player of the Year. Payton was drafted with the 10th overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft by the Philadelphia 76ers, but was then traded to the Orlando Magic.", "soccer manager    entity is an American basketball player. He evolves to the position of leader.", "actor    entity is a Hong Kong actor, martial artist, film producer and director, known for his work in martial arts films, Hong Kong action cinema, and as a fight choreographer for other actors such as Jackie Chan.", "actor    entity is a Hong Kong actor, director, choreographer and producer. The name \"Sammo\" comes from the nickname San-mao given to him by his mother.", "film    entity is a live album by Jerry Lee Lewis. It was released on Smash Records in 1966.", "film    entity is a live album by Jerry Lee Lewis, recorded under the Smash Records label and released in 1966. The album is a sequel to the 1964 release, The Greatest Live Show on Earth and is recorded at Panther Hall in Fort Worth, August 20, 1966.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released on January 13, 1964 by Columbia Records. Whereas his previous albums Bob Dylan and The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan consisted of original material among cover songs, Dylan's third album was the first to feature only original compositions. The album consists mostly of stark, sparsely arranged ballads concerning issues such as racism, poverty, and social change. The title track is one of Dylan's most famous; many feel that it captures the spirit of social and political upheaval that characterized the 1960s.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American folk-rock singer-songwriter Bob Dylan. The most famous song is entity. This expresses well the state of mind of the 1960s which led to protests against the established order. In 2004, it was ranked number 59 on Rolling Stone's 500 greatest songs of all time.", "lake    entity is a lake in Pyr\u8305n\u8305es-Orientales, France. At an elevation of 2017 m, its surface area is 1.49 km\u864f.", "lake    entity is an artificial lake with an area of \u200b\u200b149 ha in the Pyrenees, in Haut-Conflent, in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales.", "village    entity is a district of the state of Styria in Austria. Since the 2015 Styria municipal structural reform, it consists of the following municipalities:", "village    entity is a territorial subdivision of the state of Styria in Austria.", "american football player    entity was an American football player and coach. Brown played 15 seasons in the National Football League at the cornerback position for the Pittsburgh Steelers , Seattle Seahawks , and Green Bay Packers . He was selected as a second-team All-NFL player in 1984 and a second-team All-AFC player in 1985. His 62 career interceptions ranks tied for tenth in NFL history, and his 50 interceptions with the Seahawks remains a club record.", "american football player    entity is an American football player and coach.", "grand prix    Synchronized swimming competitions at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing took place from August 18 to August 23, at the Beijing National Aquatics Center.", "grand prix    entity are held August 9\u201324 at the National Aquatics Center in Beijing.", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional basketball coach and former player.", "soccer manager    entity is a retired American basketball player and coach, who played in the NBA. He evolved during his career as a strong winger.", "video game    entity was the 16th annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation . It took place on April 2, 2000, at the Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim in Anaheim, California.", "video game    entity is a professional wrestling video game released in 1999 for the Nintendo 64 system. It is based on the annual pay-per-view, owned by the World Wrestling Federation, WrestleMania. Marketed during the Attitude Era, WrestleMania 2000 marked the great beginning of the partnership between THQ and the WWF.", "album    entity is a 1977 song by Swedish pop group ABBA, and was released as the first single from the group's fifth studio album, ABBA: The Album. It became a UK number one, topping the UK Singles Chart for four weeks in November 1977.", "album    entity is an ABBA song released as a single in 1977. This first single from The Album charted in the Top 10 in many countries, reaching number one in the UK and finishing number 12 in the US .", "musical artist    entity is an American slide guitar one-man band based in Tucson, Arizona, and Melbourne, Australia. During performances, he plays old Silvertone archtop guitars, wears a full body human cannonball suit, and a helmet wired to a telephone receiver, which allows him to devote his hands and feet to guitar and drums. His show has been described as a blues punk guitar dance party. Log tours internationally, performing about 150 shows each year; he has made tours of North America, Europe, Japan and Australia, New Zealand, Mexico, Taiwan, and Iceland.", "musical artist    entity is an American lo-fi punk-blues singer and guitarist. Born in Chicago, he lives in Tucson. A member of the Doo Rag duo in the early 1990s, he has been performing alone since 1998. A true one-man band, he simultaneously plays slide guitar and percussion on stage.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger and member of the Hockey Hall of Fame. Having played most of his career with the Boston Bruins, he has been associated in one capacity or another with the Bruins' organization since the late 1950s. Nicknamed \"Chief\", Bucyk was named one of the '100 Greatest NHL Players' in 2017.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League with the Boston Bruins.", "album    entity is a 1990 song recorded by Belgian group Technotronic featuring Ya Kid K. It was released as the second single from the band's debut album, Pump Up the Jam: The Album on which it features as the second track. The single was very successful in many countries, becoming a top 10 hit in Australia, Canada, and the US and topping the chart in Belgium, Finland, Spain and Switzerland. In 1998 and 1999, it was re-released respectively under the title \"Get Up \" and \"Get Up \". The song appears in Dance Dance Revolution Ultramix 4 and Dance Dance Revolution 3rd Mix. It contains a vocal sample of James Brown's \"Get Up, Get Into It, Get Involved\". In 2007, the song was covered by Global Deejays who achieved a", "album    entity is a song by the Belgian group Technotronic released in 1990 under the BCM label. Performed by Ya Kid K, it is the 2nd single from their debut studio album Pump Up the Jam: The Album. The song was written by Manuella Kamosi, Thomas de Quincey and produced by Thomas de Quincey.", "political party    entity is a social-democratic political party in Italy. The party's secretary is Enrico Letta, who was elected by the national assembly in March 2021, after the resignation of the former leader Nicola Zingaretti, while its president is Valentina Cuppi.", "political party    entity is an Italian political party generally classified on the center left. Founded on October 14, 2007, the PD brings together currents from the former communist left and Christian democracy. The party has been in opposition since 2008 but has supported the Monti government. For the 2013 elections he is part of the Italy coalition. Common good.", "newspaper    entity is an American commercial broadcast television network owned by Fox Corporation and headquartered in New York City, with additional offices at the Fox Broadcasting Center in New York and the Fox Television Center in Los Angeles. Launched as a competitor to the Big Three television networks on October 9, 1986, Fox went on to become the most successful attempt at a fourth television network. It was the highest-rated free-to-air network in the 18\u201349 demographic from 2004 to 2012 and 2020, and became the most-watched American television network in total viewership during the 2007\u201308 season.", "newspaper    entity is a commercial television network owned by Fox Entertainment Group, part of 21st Century Fox owned by Rupert Murdoch. Launched on October 9, 1986, Fox was the highest rated broadcast network in the 18-49 age bracket from 2004 to 2009.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, actor, and film director. He is best known as the frontman and lyricist of the nu metal band Limp Bizkit, formed in 1994, with whom he has released six studio albums. Since 2006, Durst has worked on independent films. He co-starred in Population 436, and made his directorial debut in 2007, with The Education of Charlie Banks. He followed with The Longshots in 2008. His latest film, The Fanatic, came out in 2019.", "musical artist    entity is an American musician and director from Jacksonville. Durst grew up in Gastonia, North Carolina and played in a number of bands in Florida during the same period he was working as a tattoo artist. Durst is best known as a singer in the band Limp Bizkit, formed in 1994, with whom he has released six albums. Since 2006, Durst has been working on his own independent films.", "album    entity is the second studio album by UGK member Bun B. It was released on May 20, 2008 by Rap-a-Lot Records, Asylum Records and Warner Bros. Records. The album is the follow-up to his successful debut album, Trill. It was mentioned that after the death of his lifelong friend and companion Pimp C, due in part to an accidental overdose, he is likely to \"ban the syrup talk on his new CD.\" The album was originally set to be released on April 29, 2008 but was pushed back to May 20. The album features lyrics pertaining to political and social issues, as well as a tribute track to Pimp C.", "album    entity is Bun B's second studio album, released on May 20, 2008.", "album    \u30de\u30f3\u30de\u30fb\u30df\u30fc\u30a2\u3001\u3082\u3057\u304f\u306f\u30de\u30f3\u30de\u30fb\u30df\u30fc\u30e4\u306f\u3001\u30a4\u30bf\u30ea\u30a2\u8a9e\u3002\u76f4\u8a33\u3059\u308b\u3068\u300c\u79c1\u306e\u304a\u6bcd\u3055\u3093\u300d\u3068\u306a\u308b\u304c\u3001\u7528\u6cd5\u3068\u3057\u3066\u306f\u300c\u306a\u3093\u3066\u3053\u3063\u305f\uff01\u300d\u306a\u3069\u3068\u3001\u9a5a\u3044\u305f\u5834\u5408\u306b\u4f7f\u7528\u3059\u308b\u3002\u82f1\u8a9e\u306e\u201coh my God!\u201d\u306b\u5f53\u305f\u308b\u3002", "album    entity is a song by Swedish pop group ABBA, released in 1975 on their third album, ABBA. It was also released as a single in a few countries at the end of the year and met with considerable success, remaining at No. 1 in Australia for ten weeks. bonus on the reissue of the ABBA album released in 2005.", "record label    entity is an American multinational toy manufacturing and entertainment company founded in January, 1945 and headquartered in El Segundo, California. The products and brands it currently produces include Barbie, Hot Wheels, Fisher-Price, American Girl, UNO, Mega, Thomas & Friends, Polly Pocket, Masters of the Universe, Monster High and Enchantimals, with Ever After High and My Scene also having been previously produced. In the early 1980s, Mattel produced video game systems, under its own brands and under license from Nintendo. The company has presence in 35 countries and territories and sells products in more than 150 countries. The company operates through three business segments: North America, international, and American Girl. It is the world's second largest toy maker", "record label    entity is an American company specializing in toys and games, founded in 1945 by Harold Matson and Elliot Handler. It is a world leader in its sector. It manufactures most of its toys in China. Mattel is a name formed from \"Matt\", nickname of Harold Matson, and \"El\" from Elliot Handler.", "album    entity is a song by Pink Floyd. It appears on their 1979 double album, The Wall.", "album    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd written by Roger Waters. It appears on the album The Wall released in 1979. The group Future Sound of London made a version of the song called Goodbye Sky.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Pink, released on October 16, 2001, as the lead single from her second album, Missundaztood . It received positive reviews and became an international success and reached the top ten in many countries, peaking at number one in Australia, Ireland, New Zealand, Romania, Spain, and the Walloon region of Belgium. The song was Pink's biggest-selling song at that time.", "album    entity is a song written by Linda Perry for Pink. It is the first single from his second album titled Missundaztood. It became an international hit and reached the top ten in many countries. At the time, this single was Pink's best-selling as a solo artist. This song was released on October 9, 2001.", "airline    entity is the main airport serving Pyongyang, the capital of North Korea. It is located in the city's Sunan District. As of March 2019, Air Koryo and Air China are servicing Pyongyang International Airport, and the only two foreign countries served by Pyongyang International Airport are China and Russia.", "airline    entity is the airport of Pyongyang, capital of North Korea. The airport is located 24 km from the center of the city. Sunan has two runways, one long runway which is also the most used for international flights.", "athlete    entity is a Chinese retired professional basketball player. Xue was selected 57th overall in the 2003 NBA Draft by the Dallas Mavericks, who traded the pick to the Denver Nuggets.", "athlete    entity is a Chinese basketball player, playing as a center.", "film    entity is a 1939 French satirical comedy-drama film directed by Jean Renoir. The ensemble cast includes Nora Gregor, Paulette Dubost, Mila Par\u00e9ly, Marcel Dalio, Julien Carette, Roland Toutain, Gaston Modot, Pierre Magnier and Renoir. Renoir's portrayal of the wise, mournful Octave anchors the fatalistic mood of this pensive comedy of manners. The film depicts members of upper-class French society and their servants just before the beginning of World War II, showing their moral callousness on the eve of destruction.", "film    entity is a French film written and directed by Jean Renoir, released in 1939. This \"gay drama\" or \"dramatic fantasy\", to use the director's expression, aims to be a painting of the mores of the aristocracy and upper middle class, as well as the servants who serve them, in the late 1930s.", "soccer player    entity is an Ivorian former professional footballer who played as a striker. His career developed from playing with Ligue 2 clubs, including Brest, Dunkerque and Abbeville.", "soccer player    entity is a former Ivorian international footballer born August 8, 1961 in Abidjan.", "album    entity is a song released by American singer Lady Gaga from her debut studio album, The Fame . Produced by RedOne, the track was released as the album's third single in North America and Europe and the fourth single in Australia, New Zealand, and Sweden after \"Eh, Eh \". entity was also released as the fourth single in the United Kingdom, after \"Paparazzi\".", "album    entity is an electropop song by American recording artist Lady Gaga from her 2008 debut album, The Fame. Produced by RedOne, the track was released as the album's third single in North America and Europe. as well as fourth in Australia, New Zealand and Sweden, following Eh, Eh.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper 50 Cent, from his debut studio album Get Rich or Die Tryin' . The song features production from Mr. Porter of D12 and was mixed by Dr. Dre. A remixed version of the song, featuring fellow rappers Snoop Dogg, Lloyd Banks and Young Buck, was released as the album's fourth official single on August 12, 2003, although the remix was not initially part of the track listing; it was later added as a bonus track to some digital editions of the album.", "album    entity is a song written by 50 Cent and Kon Artis for 50 Cent's debut studio album, Get Rich or Die Tryin', released as the album's third single. The song is recognizable by the sound of its steel-drums. An official remix of the song was made, which featured Snoop Dogg, Lloyd Banks and Young Buck. entity's first remix for radio was on the G-Unit Radio Part 1 mixtape.", "village    entity is a Northeast Caucasian language spoken by the entity people in southern Dagestan, near the Russian border with Georgia.", "village    entity is a Caucasian language. It is part of the Tsez subgroup of the Nakho-Dagestanian language family. entity is spoken by approximately 800 people in Dagestan. There would remain 200 or 300 hunzib in Georgia of which only a few rare old ones still know the maternal idiom. The language is not written.", "album    entity is a single by American rapper-producer Dr. Dre, released on June 26, 2000 as the third single from his second studio album, 2001 . The track features Snoop Dogg, Kurupt and Nate Dogg, but only Snoop Dogg is credited. It is a sequel to Dre and Snoop's famous single \"Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang\" from the former's debut album, The Chronic. The song peaked at number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100.", "album    entity is a single by rapper-producer Dr. Dre released in 2000. It is the 3rd extract from his album 2001, released in 1999. The song notably ranked 23rd on the Billboard Hot 100, and met with success In other countries. According to Chartfacts, 146,570 copies were sold in the UK between 2001 and 2002. Today, it is the 2nd most downloaded Dr. Dre song on iTunes. The title of this song refers to the 1992 classic by Dr. .", "film    entity is an American crime drama television series created and produced by Courtney A. Kemp in collaboration with Curtis \"50 Cent\" Jackson and Prime 21. It aired on the Starz network from June 7, 2014, to February 9, 2020. Upon release, entity gained positive reviews for its pacing, atmosphere, and acting. It is one of Starz's most highly rated shows and one of cable's most watched shows. Prior to the premiere of the fifth season, Starz renewed the show for a sixth and final season, which premiered on August 25, 2019.", "film    entity is an American television series created by Courtney Kemp Agboh and broadcast since June 7, 2014 on Starz and in Canada on Super Channel. This series is unpublished in all French-speaking countries.", "album    entity is a song by American electronica musician Moby, released in October 1992 as the third single from his self-titled debut album.", "album    entity is a song by American musician Moby, taken as the third single from his eponymous album released in 1992. It was placed the same year 8 on the American Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart. The song is used as the soundtrack for the movie Cool World.", "album    entity is an instrumental composition by guitarist Eric Johnson which appeared on his 1990 Ah Via Musicom album although the song had frequently been played live by Johnson as early as 1984. The album version of the song is composed in the key of G major. The song was played with a Gibson ES-335 through a B. K. Butler Tube Driver and an Echoplex plugged into a 100-watt Marshall amplifier. The song takes its name from the White Cliffs of Dover, an extensive and visually stunning chalk outcrop that runs along the southeast coast of England. It is also featured on the video game Guitar Hero III and is available as DLC for the game Rocksmith 2014.", "album    entity is a piece of instrumental music by guitarist Eric Johnson which appears on the album Ah Via Musicom. Composed in G major, the song was recorded on a Gibson ES-335. The song takes its name from the White entity.", "screen writer    entity is an American television sitcom that aired on UPN from January 23, 1996, to May 14, 2001. The series stars R&B singer Brandy Norwood as entity Denise Mitchell, an African-American high school student living with her family in the Leimert Park neighborhood of Los Angeles. It was originally ordered as a pilot for CBS' 1995\u20131996 television season but was declined by the network. It was then later picked up by UPN, which aired it as a mid-season replacement. It went on to become the biggest success for the nascent network and one of the greatest hits over the course of the network's entire run. The series was a joint production for UPN by Regan Jon Productions, Saradipity Productions, and Jump at the Sun Productions in association with Big Ticket Television.", "screen writer    entity is an American sitcom in 127 episodes of 23 minutes created by Ralph Farquhar, Sara V. Finney and Vida Spears, broadcast between January 23, 1996 and June 14, 2001 on the UPN network. The main character, entity, is played by R&B singer Brandy. In France, the series was broadcast on M6, MCM and France \u00d4.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by the American hip-hop artist, Bahamadia. The album was released on April 2, 1996, by Chrysalis Records. entity peaked at number 3 on the Billboard Heatseekers, a music chart that features up-and-coming recording artists.", "album    entity is Bahamadia's debut studio album, released on March 19, 1996. The album ranked #3 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers, #13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and #126 on the Billboard 200.", "philosopher    entity is one of the four most important philosopher-theologians of Western Europe in the High Middle Ages, together with Thomas Aquinas, Bonaventure, and William of Ockham. Scotus has had considerable influence on both Catholic and secular thought. The doctrines for which he is best known are the \"univocity of being\", that existence is the most abstract concept we have, applicable to everything that exists; the formal distinction, a way of distinguishing between different aspects of the same thing; and the idea of haecceity, the property sup", "philosopher    entity is a Scottish theologian and philosopher, founder of the scholastic school called Scotist. He was the pride of the Franciscan order, and profoundly influenced William of Ockham, in the same way that Thomas Aquinas the Dominican was admired by his order.", "political party    entity is a conservative-liberal political party in Andorra. It is a member of the Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe.", "political party    entity is a political party of Andorra, of liberal type, member of the Party of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and of the Liberal International, founded in 1992.", "village    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.", "village    entity is a commune in the south-west of France, located in the department of Lot-et-Garonne.", "album    entity is a song from Pink Floyd's 1972 album Obscured by Clouds. It shares a similar tune to the instrumental \"Mudmen\" on the same album.", "album    entity is a song by Pink Floyd, featured on the album Obscured by Clouds, premiered and recorded at Chateau d'H\u00e9rouville, France, in 1972. The song was written by Roger Waters and composed by Richard Wright, and is sung by David Gilmour and Richard Wright.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Pitbull from his sixth studio album, Planet Pit . The song features vocals from American R&B singer Chris Brown. The song was written by Pitbull, Soulshock, Peter Biker, Sean Hurley and Claude Kelly. It was also produced by Soulshock, Biker and Hurley. The song also received publicity when it was featured prominently in the trailer for the 2012 film Step Up Revolution.", "album    entity is a song by rapper Pitbull featuring American R&B singer Chris Brown released in 2011. The song was written by Pitbull, Soulshock, Peter Biker, Sean Hurley, Claude Kelly and produced by Soulshock, Biker, Hurley. pop music, the chorus has a five-phrase structure.", "album    entity is the 2nd live DVD release from J-pop star and voice actress Nana Mizuki. It has two discs, Skipper Disc and Document Disc.", "album    entity is the 3rd music video by Japanese singer and seiy\u016b Nana Mizuki.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian former professional ice hockey player who played 42 games in the National Hockey League. Most recently playing for HC Lada Togliatti in the KHL.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album and third internationally released album by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette. Released by Maverick Records in the United States on February 26, 2002, and in the United Kingdom a day earlier , it was the first album Morissette had written and produced all on her own. It debuted at number one on charts in 12 countries, including the United States and Canada, and produced the singles \"Hands Clean\" and \"Precious Illusions\". Sales, however, did not match those of Morissette's previous two studio albums.", "album    entity is Alanis Morissette's fifth studio album released in 2002.", "album    entity is an alternative rock song written and produced by alternative rock band Garbage for their self-titled debut studio album . The song was recorded at the band's own recording studio, Smart Studios, in Madison, Wisconsin, and became known for its tongue-in-cheek lyrics parodying the typically angst-filled themes of mid-nineties alternative rock.", "album    entity is a 1995 song written, recorded and produced by alternative rock band Garbage. It appears on their first album, Garbage. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Chanson section Portal of the 1990s Portal of the 1990s", "village    entity is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Maine-et-Loire in the Pays de la Loire region.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Australian singer Kylie Minogue for her ninth studio album Body Language . It was released as the lead single from the album by Festival Mushroom Records and Parlophone on 3 November 2003. The song was written by Minogue, Dan Carey, Emil\u00edana Torrini, and produced by Carey, Torrini, and Sunnyroads. entity is an electropop and synth-pop song in which Minogue invites a man to \"slow down\" and dance with her.", "album    entity is a song by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. 1st single from his 9th album Body Language. The song was written by Kylie Minogue, Dan Carey, Emil\u00edana Torrini and produced by Sunnyroads.", "amateur boxer    entity is a Thai professional boxer who held the WBC strawweight title from 2014 to 2020. As of January 2021, he is ranked as the world's third best active strawweight by BoxRec, The Ring and the Transnational Boxing Rankings Board.", "amateur boxer    entity is a Thai boxer born October 27, 1985 in Maha Sarakham.", "academic journal    entity is an American publishing house that was founded by Alfred A. Knopf Sr. and Blanche Knopf in 1915. Blanche and Alfred traveled abroad regularly and were known for publishing European, Asian, and Latin American writers in addition to leading American literary trends. It was acquired by Random House in 1960, and is now part of the Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group division of Penguin Random House which is owned by the German conglomerate Bertelsmann. The Knopf publishing house is associated with its borzoi colophon, which was designed by co-founder Blanche Knopf in 1925.", "academic journal    entity is a publishing house based in New York in the United States founded in 1915 by entity, Sr. It has been part of the Random House group since 1960.", "film    entity is a 1995 American crime drama film written and directed by Michael Mann. It features an ensemble cast led by Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, with Tom Sizemore, Jon Voight, and Val Kilmer in supporting roles. The film follows the conflict between an LAPD detective, played by Pacino, and a career thief, played by De Niro, while also depicting its effect on their professional relationships and personal lives.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Michael Mann, released on December 15, 1995. The film stars Robert De Niro and Al Pacino, in the respective roles of a leader of a professional robbery team and a lieutenant of obstinate police who engage in a struggle from a distance and see their private and professional lives inevitably linked. This is the remake of LA Takedown, a 1989 TV movie by Michael Mann.", "village    entity is Zambia\u2019s most northerly large town and seat of entity District, occupying a strategic location close to the border with Tanzania and controlling the southern approaches to Lake Tanganyika, 40 km by road to the north-west, where the port of Mpulungu is located. It had a population of about 20,000 in 2006. Under the name Abercorn, entity was a key outpost in British colonial control of this part of south-central Africa. It is headquarters of an administrative district of the Northern Province.", "village    entity is a town in northern Zambia, located in the Northern Province, near the border with Tanzania and Lake Tanganyika. Its population was 117,823 in 2010. It houses the Moto Moto Museum, a museum dedicated to the Bemba culture.", "film    entity is a 1946 musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Kathryn Grayson, June Allyson, Lauritz Melchior, Jimmy Durante and Peter Lawford. The film features songs by Sammy Fain and Ralph Freed.", "film    entity is a 1946 American musical film directed by Henry Koster.", "video game    entity is a video game released in 1987 by Microdeal. It was programmed by Ed Scio, with graphics by Pete Lyon, music by Paul Shields, and level design by Pete Scott. Lyon was the artist for other Microdeal games in the late 1980s, such as Goldrunner.. The game was first released for the Dragon 32/64 and TRS-80 Color Computer, with ports following for the Atari ST, Amiga, MS-DOS, Atari 8-bit family, and Game Boy Advance. entity was ported to the Apple IIGS, but saw an extremely limited run with fewer than 150 sales. A version for the Nintendo Entertainment System from Novotrade and Tengen was cancelled.", "video game    entity is a video game released in 1987 and developed by Microdeal. First released on Dragon 32, the game was later ported to Atari ST, Atari 8-bit, Amiga, PC and Game Boy Advance.", "film    entity is a 1950 Italian romantic drama film produced and directed by Federico Fellini and Alberto Lattuada and starring Peppino De Filippo, Carla Del Poggio, and Giulietta Masina. The film is about a beautiful and ambitious young woman who joins a traveling troupe of third-rate vaudevillians and inadvertently causes jealousy and emotional crises. A collaboration with Alberto Lattuada in production, direction, and writing, entity launched Fellini's directorial career. Prior to this film, Fellini worked primarily as a screenwriter, most notably working on Roberto Rossellini\u2019s Rome, Open City.", "film    entity is an Italian film by Alberto Lattuada and Federico Fellini released in 1950.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the Ducs d'Angers of the French Ligue Magnus.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "cricketer    entity is a Dutch former professional footballer of Cape Verdean descent.During his career, he played for Red Bull Salzburg, AZ, Sparta Rotterdam, Ajax, Panathinaikos and NAC Breda. He was a versatile player who could play all over midfield and in defence, and was known for his dribbling technique as well as his tackling.", "cricketer    entity is a Dutch footballer born August 4, 1982 in Rotterdam, of Cape Verdean origin. He plays as a midfielder in the Greek club Panathinaikos.", "album    entity is a live album by Canadian / American musician Neil Young. On November 8\u201310, 1968, Young performed three solo acoustic shows at Canterbury House in Ann Arbor, Michigan. This album is compiled from the performances on the 9th and 10th. The album was released only as a CD/DVD set, with the DVD containing a high-definition audio version of the album, playable on standard DVD players. The DVD also contains a trailer for Young's Archives Vol. 1 box set. A vinyl record version of the album, pressed on 200-gram Japanese vinyl, was released in April 2009.", "album    entity is a live album by Neil Young.", "album    entity is a song by English musician George Harrison, which he released on his 1987 album Cloud Nine. It was also issued as the second single from the album, in January 1988. The lyrics serve as a nostalgic reflection by Harrison on the days of Beatlemania during the 1960s, when the Beatles were first referred to as \"the Fab Four\". Harrison co-wrote the song with Jeff Lynne, who also co-produced the track. The recording references the psychedelic sound that the Beatles had helped popularise in 1967, through its use of sitar, cello, and backwards-relayed effects. Harrison's former Beatles bandmate Ringo Starr is among the other musicians on the track. The single was accompanied by an innovative music video, directed by the partnership of Kevin Godley and Lol Creme. One of Harriso", "album    entity is a song by George Harrison, released in 1987 on the album Cloud Nine. It refers to the time when Harrison was a member of the Beatles, nicknamed the \"Fab Four\". The music video for the song, directed by Kevin Godley and Lol Cr\u00e8me and featuring Ringo Starr, contains several Beatles nods. United and 25th in the UK.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey scout and former player. He currently is a scout for the Washington Capitals. Bradley played in the National Hockey League for the San Jose Sharks, Pittsburgh Penguins, Washington Capitals and the Florida Panthers. He began working with the Washington Capitals as part of their scouting staff in 2015.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is the third studio album by singer and songwriter Tom Waits, released on October 21, 1975 on Asylum Records. It was recorded over four sessions in July in the Los Angeles Record Plant studio in front of a small invited audience set up to recreate the atmosphere of a jazz club. The album peaked at 164 on the Billboard 200, the highest place Waits had held at the time, and is currently certified silver by the BPI. It has received critical acclaim for its successful mood-setting, capturing of the jazz-club atmosphere and characterization.", "album    entity is the third album by Tom Waits, released in 1975 under Asylum Records.", "album    entity is the third compilation album by American rapper Daz Dillinger. It was released on October 29, 2002 through D.P.G. Recordz.", "album    entity is a compilation by Daz Dillinger, released on October 29, 2002.", "music genre    entity is a style of European popular music that is generally a catchy instrumental accompaniment to vocal pieces of pop music with simple, happy-go-lucky, and often sentimental lyrics. It is prevalent in Central, Northern and Southeast Europe , and also in France, Belgium, and the Netherlands). In the United States it is also known as 'entertainer music' or 'German hit mix'.", "music genre    entity is a popular style of music that appeared at the beginning of the 20th century. It is very present in northern Europe, particularly in Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Scandinavia, Latvia and Lithuania and in parts of Belgium, the Netherlands and France.", "vice president    entity was founded on January 16, 1966, and played its first game during the 1966\u201367 NBA season. The Bulls play their home games at the United Center, an arena on Chicago's West Side shared with the National Hockey League's Chicago Blackhawks.", "vice president    entity is a member of the major American basketball league - the National Basketball Association - and plays in the Eastern Conference, Central Division.", "sports league    entity is a football club based in Reading, Berkshire, England. The team play in the Championship, the second tier of English football. The current manager is Veljko Paunovi\u0107. The club played at Elm Park for 102 years, from 1896 to 1998. In 1998, the club moved to the new Madejski Stadium, which is named after the club's former chairman Sir John Madejski. During the 2014\u201315 FA Cup, the club reached the semi-finals, and reached the quarter finals the season after. They also reached the championship playoff final in the 2016\u201317 EFL Championship season.", "sports league    entity is an English football club founded in 1871. It plays for the 2014-2015 season in the Football League Championship.", "company    Mike_Ratchuk", "company    entity is an American professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity was later certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America . It has sold 839,000 copies domestically and one million copies worldwide. Their third album, Insomniatic, peaked at number 15 on the Billboard 200, selling over 39,000 copies in its first week and becoming Aly & AJ's highest debut to date.", "album    entity is a singing duo consisting of sisters Alyson Renae \"Aly\" Michalka and Amanda Joy \"AJ\" Michalka. They were born in Torrance, California, but grew up in Seattle. They are also actresses, authors and guitarists.", "album    entity is a 2003 Christmas-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Richard Curtis. It features an ensemble cast, composed predominantly of British actors, many of whom had worked with Curtis in previous film and television projects. Mostly filmed on location in London, the screenplay delves into different aspects of love as shown through ten separate stories involving a wide variety of individuals, many of whom are shown to be interlinked as the tales progress. The story begins five weeks before Christmas and is played out in a weekly countdown until the holiday, followed by an epilogue that takes place one month later.", "album    entity is a British romantic comedy film written and directed by Richard Curtis and released in theaters in 2003. The film looks at the different sides of love shown through ten separate stories involving a wide range of characters, many of which are interrelated, and their development.", "village    entity is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a commune in the south-west of France, located in the department of Charente. Its inhabitants are called entitysiens and entitysiennes.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Jessica Simpson. It was written by Diane Warren and produced by Ric Wake for Simpson's third studio album, In This Skin . It was released as the album's first single on July 22, 2003 through Columbia Records. The R&B song, speaks about what would be the sweetest sin between a couple. entity received positive reviews from critics, with some calling it a catchy tune and an \"ode to booty knocking\". Simpson performed the song on her Reality Tour Live . An accompanying music video, directed by Constantine Paraskavopoulos, showed Simpson swaying on a beach and flirting with singer Nick Lachey during the whole video.", "album    entity is the first single by American singer Jessica Simpson, taken from In This Skin's third album, released on July 22, 2003. The song is written by Diane Warren and composed by Ric Wake.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the smallest and westernmost of Canada's three territories. It also is the least populated province or territory in Canada, with a population of 35,874 people as of the 2016 Census. Whitehorse, the territorial capital, is the largest settlement in any of the three territories. Though officially bilingual , the entity government also recognizes First Nations languages.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a federal territory in northern Canada, bordered to the east by the Northwest Territories, to the south by British Columbia and to the west by the US state of Alaska. Taking its name from the Yukon River, it is the smallest of the three Canadian territories, with an area of \u200b\u200bapproximately 480,000 km2; it has an opening to the Arctic Ocean to the north.", "film    entity is a historical drama television series created by John Milius, William J. MacDonald, and Bruno Heller. The show, consisting of two seasons for a total of 22 episodes, aired on HBO, and BBC Two from 28 August 2005 to 25 March 2007, and was later released on DVD and Blu-ray. An international co-production between Italy, the United Kingdom and the United States, the series was filmed in various locations, but most notably in the Cinecitt\u00e0 studios in entity, Italy.", "film    entity is an American-British-Italian television series in 22 episodes divided into two seasons, created by John Milius, William J. MacDonald and Bruno Heller. It tells the story of the last years of the Roman Republic, from the end of the Gallic Wars until the accession of Augustus, but its two main characters are two Roman soldiers who find themselves caught in the turmoil of events.", "noble    entity was fought during the Franco-Prussian War from 1 to 2 September 1870. Resulting in the capture of Emperor Napoleon III and over a hundred thousand troops, it effectively decided the war in favour of Prussia and its allies, though fighting continued under a new French government.", "noble    entity was a decisive victory for the Prussian forces, the Emperor himself having been taken prisoner, ending the war in favor of Pru.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina \u017barn\u00f3w, within Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres east of \u017barn\u00f3w, 16 km south of Opoczno, and 78 km south-east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of \u017b arn \u00f3 w, Opoczno County, \u0141 \u00f3 d \u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "album    entity is the 53rd single by the J-pop girl group Morning Musume, released in Japan on April 17, 2013.", "album    entity is Morning Musume's 53rd regular single.", "album    entity is a song by British rock band Dire Straits, the second track on their fifth studio album, Brothers in Arms . It was released as the album's second single on 24 June 1985 through Vertigo Records. The song's lyrics are written from the point of view of two working-class men watching music videos and commenting on what they see. The song features a guest appearance by Sting singing background vocals, providing both the signature falsetto introduction and backing chorus of \"I want my MTV.\" The groundbreaking video was the first to be aired on MTV Europe when the network launched on 1 August 1987.", "album    entity is one of the hits of British rock band Dire Straits. He appears in the album Brothers in Arms released in 1985.", "musical artist    entity is an American progressive rock band formed in Los Angeles. The band was formed in 1992 by brothers Neal and Alan Morse , John Ballard and Nick D'Virgilio . Ballard was replaced by Dave Meros before the release of their debut album, The Light , and Ryo Okumoto joined soon after. Neal Morse left the band following the release of their sixth album, Snow , and D'Virgilio took over as the band's frontman. In 2011, D'Virgilio also left and was replaced by Jimmy Keegan and Ted Leonard from Brief Nocturnes and Dreamless Sleep onwards. To date, the band have released thirteen studio albums, and numerous live releases.", "musical artist    entity is an American progressive rock band from Los Angeles. He is trained by brothers Neal and Alan Morse. Neal played keyboards and was a vocalist before leaving the band to pursue a solo career in 2002. Alan plays electric guitar. The duo teamed up with Nick D'Virgilio and Dave Meros and released their debut album, The Light, in 1995. The quartet was later joined by keyboardist Ryo Okumoto.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys. It was released as the second single from her fourth studio album, The Element of Freedom . The ballad has been hailed by many music critics as the best track from the album. It marks a departure in Keys' artistic production. This single was Keys' third consecutive top 10 hit from The Element of Freedom in the United Kingdom. It was also the 99th most successful song of the year 2010 in the Billboard Hot 100.", "album    entity is a song performed by American artist Alicia Keys. It was released as the second single from her 4th studio album The Element of Freedom, and as the 3rd single in the UK.", "screen writer    entity is an animal that kills other animals to eat.", "screen writer    entity is Ice Cube's third studio album, released on November 17, 1992. The album ranked #1 on the Billboard 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry. Association of America on November 16, 2001.entity is one of the 1001 albums you must have listened to in your life.", "comics creator    entity is an American record producer, rapper, and businessman from New York City. Born and raised in The Bronx, Dean embarked on his musical career as a DJ. At the age of 18, he started to gain recognition in the hip hop industry through his family's record label, Ruff Ryders Entertainment, as well as his friendship and work with East Coast rapper DMX. Working with DMX as his producer, DJ and hype man helped Dean gain prominence as a high-profile personality in hip hop.", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper and producer of Jamaican and Puerto Rican descent. He is the creator of the Full Surface Records label.", "album    entity is the sixth album released by American rapper MC Lyte.", "album    entity is MC Lyte's sixth studio album, released on November 18, 1998.", "film    entity is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.", "film    entity is an Italian film directed by Dino Risi, released in 1968.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by American metal band Soulfly, released in 2004. It is noteworthy for three guest artists \u2013 the completely different line-up for the album apart from leader Max Cavalera, the world music influence from a stint that Cavalera spent in Serbia, and explicit spirituality themes on the album. The album has gone on to sell over 275,000 copies.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by metal band Soulfly, released in 2004.", "album    entity was released in 2016 and reached the UK Top 20 album chart.", "album    entity are a garage rock band formed by American singer Alison Mosshart and English guitarist Jamie Hince. After three critically acclaimed debut albums, entity released their fourth album Blood Pressures in April 2011, and embarked on a world tour.", "album    entity was an American supergroup, consisting of Jim James from My Morning Jacket, Conor Oberst and Mike Mogis from Bright Eyes, Will Johnson from Centro-matic and M. Ward, solo artist and half of She & Him. The band was formed in 2004 when the members were on tour with their respective bands and solo projects. After playing together both on-stage and backstage, they started working together on various material. Due to the members' main projects, entity did not wrap up their first album until 2009, and it was released on September 22 on Rough Trade.It debuted at 143 on the Billboard 200 and peaked at 15.It also reached No. 3 on Top Independent Albums, No. 8 on Top Rock Albums, No. 7 on Top Digital Albums, and No. 6 on Top Alternative Albums.", "album    entity is an American folk rock supergroup, consisting of Jim James of My Morning Jacket, Conor Oberst and Mike Mogis of Bright Eyes, and M. Ward, solo artist and part of the duo She & Him.", "disease    entity is the eighth studio album by the Austrian blackened death metal band Belphegor. It was released in 2009 on Nuclear Blast Records . Like its predecessors, Pestapokalypse VI and Bondage Goat Zombie, the album was recorded and produced with German producer Andy Classen. On August 25 the band made the song \"Walpurgis Rites\" available for streaming on their Myspace page along with the lyrics on their website. As of October 1 the video for 'Der Geisterstreiber' is now available.", "disease    entity is the eighth studio album by Austrian black death metal band Belphegor. The album was released on October 9, 2009 under Nuclear Blast Records. The track Walpurgis Rites has been available on the band's Myspace page since August 25. .", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Neue Deutsche H\u00e4rte band Rammstein. It was released on 27 September 2004 through Universal Music in Germany and followed shortly by its release across Europe. It was later released in North America through Republic Records on 16 November 2004. Recorded in a span of two years at El Cortijo Studios in M\u00e1laga, Spain, the album was produced by the band themselves along with Swedish record producer Jacob Hellner.", "album    entity is the 4th studio album by German Neue Deutsche H\u00e4rte band Rammstein. This album brings a new sound, endowed with a slower rhythm and softer melodies than its predecessors Mutter, Sehnsucht and Herzeleid.", "album    entity is a song by Belgian singer Stromae, released in 2009 as a non-album single. In 2010, the song and a remix were featured on Stromae's second EP, called Mixture Elecstro. The title, entity has no significant meaning. Stromae has stated in one of his YouTube videos that the concept of the song was to point out that when it comes to a song, people care more about the beat than the lyrics. He even states this in the song: De toute fa\u83bdon tu t'enfous de c'que j'dirais. Que je fasse mon refrain ou pas, que je le bosse ou que j'le bacle alors j'dirais n'importe quoi, which in English means \"anyway you don't care about what I'd say. If I make a chorus or not, whether I work hard on it or mess it up, so I'd say nonsense\".", "album    entity is a single by Belgian singer Stromae. It comes from the maxi album, Mixture Elecstro. This single did not appear on the singer's debut album, Cheese, as its marketing was handled prior to the album's release.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He was drafted in the sixth round, 110th overall, by the Hartford Whalers in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. He is currently the director of amateur scouting for the Florida Panthers.", "soccer manager    entity is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player who played as a right winger.", "tennis player    entity is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player.", "tennis player    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. His mother is Swedish and his father Finnish.", "album    entity is a Norwegian extreme metal band formed by Ivar Bj\u00f8rnson and Grutle Kjellson in Haugesund in June 1991. They are currently based in Bergen, Norway. The band's lineup has changed many times over the years, and Bj\u00f8rnson and Kjellson have been the sole constant members. The current lineup also includes lead guitarist Arve Isdal, keyboardist/singer H\u00e5kon Vinje, and drummer Iver Sand\u00f8y.", "album    entity is a Norwegian Viking black metal band from Haugesund, founded in 1991.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Australian band Dead Can Dance. It was released on 25 November 1985 by 4AD. The album spearheaded the group's sonic transition from their post-punk and gothic rock-influenced roots towards a neoclassical dark wave style.", "album    entity is the second album by the duo Dead Can Dance, released in 1985. This album is the one where the group breaks away from their initial new wave and gothic style and incorporates influences from world music and religious music. The texts are inspired by the writings of authors such as Charles Baudelaire or Thomas de Quincey.", "screen writer    entity was a German general during World War II. A participant in most of the major campaigns of the war, he became known afterwards for his memoirs Panzer Battles, first published in 1956 and reprinted several times since then.", "screen writer    entity was a German Generalmajor who served with the Heer in the Wehrmacht during World War II.", "musical artist    entity was an American preacher and singer who shaped the sound of rhythm and blues as one of the founding fathers of soul music in the 1960s. He has been called \"a key transitional figure bridging R&B and soul\", and was known for his \"prodigious output\".", "musical artist    entity is an American gospel, rhythm and blues, soul and country singer. Nicknamed \"The King of Rock n' Soul\", he is, with Sam Cooke or Ray Charles, one of the pioneers of soul music. His most famous song, Everybody Needs Somebody to Love, was covered by The Rolling Stones or The Blues Brothers.", "video game    entity is a tactical role-playing video game developed by Level-5 and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation Portable . The game was released in Japan on November 22, 2006 and was localized for a release in North America on August 21, 2007. entity was Level-5's first role-playing video game of this kind, as well as the studio's first production for the PSP. The title's narrative makes use of various fantasy elements, and is loosely based on the story of Joan of Arc and her struggles against the English occupation of France during the Hundred Years' War in the early 15th century.", "video game    entity is a tactical role-playing video game, developed by Level-5 and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for PlayStation Portable. It was released on November 22, 2006 in Japan and August 21, 2007 in North America. The scenario is based on the life of entity and on the end of the Hundred Years War which opposed the French and the English. The game features one romance that blends historical springs and fantasy elements.", "album    entity is the second album by American pop singer-pianist Vanessa Carlton, released by A&M Records in the US on November 9, 2004. Carlton co-wrote some of the album with Stephan Jenkins, her then-boyfriend and the lead singer of Third Eye Blind, who produced the album. entity debuted outside the top 20 on the US Billboard 200, and sales fell considerably short of those of Carlton's debut album, Be Not Nobody . Its only single in the US, \"White Houses\", was not a top 40 hit; two other singles, \"Private Radio\" and \"Who's to Say\", were released only in Asia. The album wasn't as commercially successful as its predecessor, which Carlton attributed to poor promotion, and led to her departure from A&M Records in mid-2005. She toured through the US during 2004 and '05 in support of the", "album    entity is Vanessa Carlton's second album, produced by Stephan Jenkins in 2004.", "musical artist    entity is a Japanese songwriter and keyboardist from Gunma Prefecture. In the 1990s, he supported the agency Rising Production, which was later renamed Vision Factory. He wrote both the music and the lyrics of Olivia Lufkin's \"I.L.Y. \" and \"Re-act.\" He also composed Mika Nakashima's \"One Survive.\" In addition, T2ya wrote Aya Ueto's \"Pureness,\" \"Kizuna,\" \"Hello\" and \"Personal.\"", "musical artist    entity is a Japanese lyricist, composer, keyboardist, and music producer. He has written many titles for various artists since the early 1990s, and among others launched the group EARTH in 2000.", "film    entity is a 1922 American short comedy film directed by and starring Buster Keaton. Through a judicial error Buster finds himself married to a large domineering woman with an unfriendly father and four bullying brothers.", "film    entity is a 1922 American silent film written and directed by Buster Keaton and Edward F. Cline.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball infielder. He played in Major League Baseball for the Arizona Diamondbacks, Baltimore Orioles, Cleveland Indians, New York Yankees, Milwaukee Brewers, St. Louis Cardinals, Washington Nationals, and two stints with the Colorado Rockies. A right-hander both when batting and throwing, Reynolds was known for his frequent and long home runs, high strikeout totals, and defensive versatility, having been primarily a third baseman before transitioning to first base while playing for the Orioles.", "soccer manager    entity is a Major League Baseball first baseman, third baseman and designated hitter. He lines up with the St. Louis Cardinals.", "actor    entity is an American singer-songwriter, actress, and television personality. She rose to fame in the late 1990s as a member of Destiny's Child, one of the world's best-selling girl groups of all time. During the group's three-year hiatus, Rowland released her debut solo studio album, Simply Deep , which debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart and sold over 3.7 million copies worldwide. It included the Billboard Hot 100 number-one single \"Dilemma\" , as well as the UK top-five hits \"Stole\" and \"Can't Nobody\". Rowland also ventured into acting with starring roles in the successful films Freddy vs. Jason and The Seat Filler .", "actor    entity is an American singer, dancer, lyricist, actress and television personality, born in Atlanta. She is revealed in the 1990s, as a member of the group Destiny's Child with which she sold 60 million records.", "album    Tthhee_Ppaarrttyy", "album    entity is the fifth single from Justice, as well as the fifth single from Uffie. It was released as a download without the album version, instead containing a remixed Radio Edit version and the live version found on A Cross the Universe. The song contains an uncredited sample of Stay Fly by Three 6 Mafia featuring Uffie.", "amateur boxer    entity was an Iranian wrestler who won a bronze medal in freestyle at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Seyed-Abbasi died at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of 16 March 2004 in Iranmehr Hospital in Gholhak, Tehran from cancer.", "amateur boxer    entity is an Iranian wrestler specializing in freestyle wrestling.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gr\u00f3jec, within Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Gr\u00f3jec in the Gr\u00f3jec County of the Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "soccer manager    entity is an American retired professional basketball power forward and center. Walker played college basketball at the University of Louisville and was drafted in 1996 by the Dallas Mavericks, where he played until 1999. Walker continued to play for the NBA with the San Antonio Spurs , Los Angeles Lakers , Miami Heat , Washington Wizards , and Indiana Pacers . Afterwards, Walker played in various international and minor leagues.", "soccer manager    entity is an American basketball player. He plays as a strong winger.", "album    entity is an instrumental song by progressive rock band Pink Floyd from the soundtrack to the film Zabriskie Point.", "album    entity is an instrumental song by progressive rock band Pink Floyd from the soundtrack to the film Zabriskie Point. The song is built of a repetitive rhythm on which a keyboard improvisation is affixed.", "screen writer    entity is an English actor who has appeared in film, television, and theatre. He is known for his performance as Mr. Darcy in Joe Wright's Pride & Prejudice , and Daniel in the Frank Oz comedy Death at a Funeral. He also portrayed John Birt in the political drama Frost/Nixon and Detective Inspector Edmund Reid in the BBC series Ripper Street. In June 2010, Macfadyen won the British Academy Television Award for Best Supporting Actor for his work on Criminal Justice.", "screen writer    entity is a British actor born October 17, 1974 in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. At the same time, he continued his career in the theatre, where he made his debut, on television as well as in the cinema. He also regularly puts his voice at the service of the narration.", "airline    entity is an active Air Force Station of the Royal Malaysian Air Force situated 4.5 nautical miles from Butterworth in Penang, Malaysia. It is currently home to the Headquarters Integrated Area Defence System , part of the Five Power Defence Arrangements .", "airline    entity is an air base located near the town of Butterworth in the state of Penang in Malaysia and operated by the Malaysian Air Force.", "place    entity is the fourth studio album by English post-punk band Killing Joke, released in July 1983 by E.G. via Polydor Records. It was the band's first album to feature new bass player Paul Raven, recorded at Basing Street Studios in London between February and March 1983. According to Paul Ferguson the band's drug use contributed to the original mix of the album being \"tinny\".", "place    entity is the fourth studio album by post-punk band Killing Joke, released in 1983. It gives pride of place to hypnotic and repetitive rhythms, thus sticking to the central theme of pagan celebration and communion. The opening track, The Gathering, gave Killing Joke fans their name, the \"gatherers\" - literally, \"those who gather\". This is the band's second album to tackle an occult theme, after Revelations released the previous year.", "sports league    entity is a Danish professional ice hockey team based in R\u00f8dovre, Denmark, playing in the Metal Ligaen, the top tier of Danish ice hockey. The club was founded in 1961 and play their home games in the R\u00f8dovre Sk\u00f8jte Arena which has a capacity of 3,600 spectators. The club has won the Danish championship 6 times in 1978, 1983, 1985, 1986, 1990 and 1999.", "sports league    entity is an ice hockey club from R\u00f8dovre in Denmark. He plays in AL-Bank league in the Danish elite.", "musical artist    entity is an English singer, songwriter and musician. He was the lead singer, rhythm guitarist and main songwriter for the Kinks, which he led with his younger brother, Dave. He has also acted, directed and produced shows for theatre and television. He is often referred to as \"the godfather of Britpop\", though he disputes it. After the dissolution of the Kinks in 1996, Davies embarked on a solo career.", "musical artist    entity is best known as the leader and main songwriter of The Kinks. He was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire on January 1, 2004.", "musical artist    entity is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, musician, and record producer. He is best known as the frontman for the musical duo Twenty One Pilots, alongside bandmate Josh Dun. He also self-released a solo album titled No Phun Intended in 2008. As a member of Twenty One Pilots he has been nominated for six Grammy Awards, of which he has won one. He is characterized by his quirky personality and often dark, complex lyrical content within his songs.", "musical artist    entity is an American singer-songwriter, musician and producer.", "village    entity is a rocky summit, 2,594 metres high, in the central part of the Hornbach chain of the Allg\u00e4u Alps.", "village    entity is a mountain culminating at 2,594 m in the Allg\u00e4u Alps, in the Hornbach range, in Austria.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a province in northeast China. It is the northernmost and easternmost province of the country. The province is bordered by Jilin to the south and Inner Mongolia to the west. It also shares a border with Russia to the north and east. The capital and the largest city of the province is Harbin. Among Chinese provincial-level administrative divisions, Heilongjiang is the sixth-largest by total area and the 15th-most populous.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a province in northeast China, on the Russian border. Its one-character abbreviation is\u9ed1. Its capital is Harbin, which is also by far its most populous city.", "record label    entity was a Swedish-based independent record label. The label predominantly released death metal and black metal albums. entity was founded from what remained of the former label, Wrong Again Records, by Per Gyllenb\u00e4ck in 1997. Wrong Again Records had such bands as In Flames, Cryptopsy, Arch Enemy, and Naglfar among its ranks. In 2008, the label was involved in a legal dispute with the band Gorgoroth over their 2008 live album.", "record label    entity is a metal label created in 1997 and based in Sweden.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at the Montju\u00efc circuit on April 18, 1971. It was race 2 of 11 in both the 1971 World Championship of Drivers and the 1971 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The 75-lap race was won by Tyrrell driver Jackie Stewart after he started from fourth position. Jacky Ickx finished second for the Ferrari team and Matra driver Chris Amon came in third.", "formula one team    Results of the 1971 Spanish Grand Prix, raced at the Montju\u00efc circuit on April 18, 1971.", "prime minister    entity was a Croatian politician and historian. Following the country's independence from Yugoslavia, he became the first President of Croatia and served as president from 1990 until his death in 1999. He was the 9th and last President of the Presidency of SR Croatia from May to July 1990.", "prime minister    entity was the first president of the independent Republic of Croatia during the 1990s. Tu\u0111man's political party , the Croatian Democratic Union won the first post -communist elections and multiparty on May 7, 1990. He was then appointed President of the Republic by Parliament and a year later, he decreed the independence of Croatia.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwole\u8245, within Zwole\u8245 County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres south-east of Zwole\u8245 and 111 km south-east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 530.", "village    entity is a Polish village in Zwole\u0144 Gmina in Zwole\u0144 County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 8 kilometers southeast of Zwole\u0144 and 111 kilometers southeast of Zwole\u0144. from Warsaw.", "prime minister    entity was a North Korean politician who served as Premier of North Korea from 1976 to 1977. He succeeded Kim Il. He also served as foreign minister from 1959 to 1970.", "prime minister    entity was the third Prime Minister of North Korea from April 19, 1976 to December 16, 1977.North Korea Portal North Korea Portal Politics Portal Politics Portal", "screen writer    entity are an American metalcore band formed in Anchorage, Alaska in 1994. The band's name comes from the Hong Kong film 36 Crazy Fists. To date they have released eight studio albums.", "screen writer    entity is inspired by the movie Jackie Chan And The 36 Crazy Fists starring Jackie Chan.", "album    entity is a studio album from Shirley Bassey released in 1995. In 1995 Shirley Bassey signed a deal with the PolyGram TV label, she recorded and released two albums with the label. The first was a themed album of movie songs. The songs were personally selected by Bassey for the album, and are a diverse range of ballads and pop classics, some were originally composed for original soundtracks, but several were classic songs that appeared in successful movies. One re-recording was made of the classic James Bond theme \"Goldfinger\", this is the fourth studio recording of the song by Shirley Bassey. No singles were issued from this album. Several TV performances were made by Bassey to promote this album and British television broadcast a successful commercial campaign. The album sold w", "album    entity is Shirley Bassey's thirty-first studio album, released in 1995. It reached No. 24 on the UK Albums Chart and went silver less than two weeks after its release with over 60,000 copies sold. Contrary to what its name suggests, the album does not only include film themes.", "village    entity is a commune in the H\u00e9rault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Herault and the Languedoc-Roussillon region.", "village    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is \u0141ask, which lies 32 kilometres south-west of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The county covers an area of 617.38 square kilometres . As of 2006 its total population is 50,874, out of which the population of \u0141ask is 18,684 and the rural population is 32,190.", "village    entity is a county in the \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship in central Poland .", "single    entity is an American former professional baseball outfielder. He played for the Cincinnati Reds, Los Angeles Dodgers, and Washington Nationals in Major League Baseball .", "single    entity is an outfielder for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball.", "album    entity is the second studio album by English rock band Pulp, released on 11 May 1987 by Fire Records.", "album    entity is the second album by British pop band Pulp, released in 1987 on independent label Fire Records. It has a much darker sound than its predecessor It, which was mostly ballads and acoustic songs. Recorded in just one week, it suffers from an obvious lack of production. The titles They Suffocate at Night and Master of the Universe were released as singles.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper and record producer from The Bronx, New York known for his surreal, abstract and often profane or incomprehensible lyrics. Kool Keith has recorded prolifically both as a solo artist and in group collaborations. Kool Keith is generally considered to be one of hip-hop's most eccentric and unusual personalities.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper and producer.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American singer Lenny Kravitz, released on March 9, 1993, by Virgin Records. It was recorded at Waterfront Studios, Hoboken, New Jersey, by Henry Hirsch. It became Kravitz's first top 20 album on the United States Billboard 200, and his first number one album in both Australia and the United Kingdom, achieving worldwide success that helped to establish his popularity as a performer.", "album    entity is Lenny Kravitz's third album, released in 1993 by Virgin Records. It was recorded at Waterfront Recording Studios, Hoboken, New Jersey.", "album    entity is the first extended play by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. It was released on January 7, 2009, by S.M. Entertainment.", "album    entity is an EP by South Korean group Girls' Generation. The album was released on January 7, 2009 in South Korea.", "village    entity is a town in Latvia. The population in 2020 was 1,223. entity is located 246 km from Riga, and 8 km from border with Russia.", "village    entity is a town in the Latgale region of Latvia. It has 1,525 inhabitants for an area of \u200b\u200b6.4 km2.", "cricketer    entity is a British former professional basketball player who last played for CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League. Standing at 2.10 m , he played at the power forward and center positions. He also represented the Great Britain national basketball team.", "cricketer    entity is an English basketball player. He plays power forward and center positions.", "musical artist    entity is a German-born Canadian rock singer, songwriter, and guitarist known as the frontman of Steppenwolf.", "musical artist    entity is a Canadian singer, writer and guitarist, known as the leader of the group Steppenwolf. Since 1990, Kay has resided in Franklin, Tennessee.", "album    entity is a heavy metal band formed in Fulda, Germany in 1992.", "album    entity is a power metal band formed in Germany in 1992 in Fulda, Hesse. They are influenced in particular by Iron Maiden, and their music is close to groups like Helloween, Gamma Ray or Running Wild.", "political party    entity is a liberal and libertarian political party in Denmark. Following the 2019 general election, the party received 4 seats in the Folketing, but now it has 3 seats after Simon Emil Ammitzb\u00f8ll-Bille left the party to found the Forward party. The party is a component of the centre-right bloc in Danish politics. The party's platform is based upon economic liberalism, promotion of tax cuts and reduction of welfare programmes, and a critical, oppositional stance towards European integration.", "political party    entity is a liberal Danish political party, founded on 7 May 2007 by Naser Khader, Anders Samuelsen of the Radical Left, and Gitte Seeberg of the conservative People's Party. After having had a Y as an electoral symbol, the Alliance opted for an I.", "tennis player    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with Buran Voronezh of the Supreme Hockey League .", "tennis player    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a striker. His brother Aleksei is also a professional.", "video game    entity is software simulating environments in which players use text commands to control characters and influence the environment. Works in this form can be understood as literary narratives, either in the form of interactive narratives or interactive narrations. These works can also be understood as a form of video game, either in the form of an adventure game or role-playing game. In common usage, the term refers to text adventures, a type of adventure game where the entire interface can be \"text-only\", however, graphical text adventures still fall under the text adventure category if the main way to interact with the game is by typing text. Some users of the term distinguish between interactive fiction, known as \"Puzzle-free\", that focuses on narrativ", "video game    entity is a fiction that is developed according to the answers given by its reader who enters commands on the keyboard to interact with the story told. The concept appeared with the arrival of computers. Interactive fiction then developed a lot in video games. Also called text adventure games, video games using interactive fiction are halfway between game books and role-playing games.", "album    entity is a Swedish extreme metal band formed in Ume\u00e5 in 1987. The band's current lineup consists of lead vocalist Jens Kidman, lead guitarist Fredrik Thordendal, drummer Tomas Haake, rhythm guitarist M\u00e5rten Hagstr\u00f6m and bassist Dick L\u00f6vgren. Since its formation, the band has released eight studio albums, six EPs and eight music videos. Their latest studio album, The Violent Sleep of Reason, was released on 7 October 2016.", "album    entity is a Swedish progressive metal band formed in Ume\u00e5 in 1987. The line-up is mainly made up of the founding members: vocalist Jens Kidman and guitarist Fredrik Thordendal, drummer Tomas Haake, since 1990, and rhythm guitarist Hagstrom M\u00e5rten, since 1992.", "film    entity is a 1950 American film noir crime film directed by Cy Endfield and starring Dan Duryea, Herbert Marshall, Gale Storm, Howard Da Silva and Michael O'Shea. Da Silva plays the loud-mouthed gangster Carl Durham, one of his last roles before becoming blacklisted. The newspaperman played by Duryea is similar in tone to Kirk Douglas in Billy Wilder's Ace in the Hole . This B-movie was shot in black and white by director Cy Endfield and cinematographer Stanley Cortez.", "film    entity is a 1950 American film directed by Cy Endfield, starring Dan Duryea, Herbert Marshall, Gale Storm, Howard Da Silva and Michael O'Shea. The screenplay is written by Henry Blankfort and Cy Endfield from the original story The Whipped by novelist and screenwriter Craig Rice.", "scientist    entity is referred to as the father of nuclear chemistry and godfather of nuclear fission. Hahn and Lise Meitner discovered radioactive isotopes of radium, thorium, protactinium and uranium. He also discovered the phenomena of radioactive recoil and nuclear isomerism, and pioneered rubidium\u2013strontium dating. In 1938, Hahn, Lise Meitner and Fritz Strassmann discovered nuclear fission, for which Hahn received the 1944 Nobel Prize for Chemistry. Nuclear fission was the basis for nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons.", "scientist    entity is considered the \"father of nuclear chemistry\".", "painting    entity is an album by French clarinetist Louis Sclavis recorded in 1999 and released on the ECM label.", "painting    entity is an album by French clarinettist Louis Sclavis, released in 2001 on the Edition of Contemporary Music label. This disc was recorded by a quintet made up of Sclavis on clarinets and saxophones, Jean-Luc Cappozzo on trumpet, Vincent Courtois on cello, Bruno Chevillon on double bass and Fran\u00e7ois Merville on drums.", "album    entity is the debut solo studio album by American rapper and Ultramagnetic MCs member Kool Keith, released under the alias Dr. Octagon. Originally titled Dr. Octagon, it was released on May 7, 1996, on Bulk Recordings in the United States and Mo' Wax in the United Kingdom. The album was later reissued with a different track listing by DreamWorks Records in 1997 under the title entity. The album was produced by Dan \"The Automator\" Nakamura and featured the work of turntablist DJ Qbert. KutMasta Kurt provided additional production work. The artwork for entity was drawn by Brian \"Pushead\" Schroeder.", "album    entity is Kool Keith's debut studio album, released on May 6, 1996.", "comics creator    entity is also known within the latter as the Doctor Angelicus, the Doctor Communis, and the Doctor Universalis. The name Aquinas identifies his ancestral origins in the county of Aquino in present-day Lazio, Italy. Among other things, he was a prominent proponent of natural theology and the father of a school of thought known as Thomism. He argued that God is the source of both the light of natural reason and the light of faith. His influence on Western thought is cons", "comics creator    entity is a religious of the Dominican order, famous for his theological and philosophical work.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within \u0141owicz County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-west of Kiernozia, 17 km north of \u0141owicz, and 58 km north-east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of Kiernozia, \u0141owicz County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "album    entity is an EP by rapper Kurtis Blow, released in 1983 on Mercury Records. The title track and the song \"Got to Dance\" were both party-themed, but the other songs struck a sociopolitical tone.", "album    entity is an EP by Kurtis Blow, released in 1983.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Fuck Buttons, produced by Andrew Weatherall. It was released on 14 October 2009 in the UK and on 20 October in the US. It peaked at number 79 on the UK Albums Chart.", "album    entity is the second album by experimental British band Fuck Buttons, released in 2009 on ATP Recordings.", "comics creator    entity is a British record producer. Since he began his career in 1977, Lillywhite has been credited on over 500 records, and has collaborated with a variety of musicians including new wave acts XTC, Big Country, Siouxsie and the Banshees, Simple Minds, the Psychedelic Furs, Toyah, David Byrne, Talking Heads and Kirsty MacColl, as well as U2, the Rolling Stones, The Pogues, Blue October, Steel Pulse, Peter Gabriel, Morrissey, the Killers, Dave Matthews Band, Phish, Counting Crows and Joan Armatrading. He has won six Grammy Awards, including Producer of the Year, Non-Classical in 2006. In 2012, he was made a Commander of the Order of The British Empire for his contributions to music.", "comics creator    entity is an English rock music producer. He became known in the early 1980s, notably thanks to U2, from which he produced several albums. He worked with many artists during his career, including Peter Gabriel, the Rolling Stones, Siouxsie and the Banshees and Morrissey. Lillywhite became senior vice president of Artists and Repertoire for the Columbia label in 2005.", "tennis player    entity is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player who played for the Phoenix Coyotes and Winnipeg Jets in the National Hockey League. He was drafted 32nd overall by the Coyotes in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft. He is currently an assistant coach with the University of Waterloo men's hockey team.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a Miles Davis compilation album released in March 1957 by Prestige Records. The album compiles material previously released on two 10 inch LPs in 1954 and replacing it with the previously unreleased \"Love Me or Leave Me\" recorded at the same session. Here credited to the \"Miles Davis All-Stars\", the songs were recorded on 3 April and 29 April 1954 by two slightly different groups led by Davis. Both sessions were recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's home studio.", "album    entity is a hard bop jazz album by the Miles Davis All Stars released in 1957 on the Prestige Records label.", "musical artist    entity is a Welsh musician, composer, singer, songwriter and record producer who was a founding member of the American rock band the Velvet Underground. Over his six-decade career, Cale has worked in various styles across rock, drone, classical, avant-garde and electronic music.", "musical artist    entity is a Welsh singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer. A member of the Velvet Underground group from 1965 to 1968, he started a solo career in 1970.", "album    entity is a song by American R&B singer Amerie from her debut album, All I Have . Produced by Rich Harrison, it was released in late 2002 as the album's second and final single solely in the United States, thus not being able to make the charts elsewhere. A remix of entity by the production duo Trackmasters featuring rapper Foxy Brown exists. The song first obtained airplay during the week of October 8, 2002.", "album    entity is the second and final single from Amerie's debut album All I Have. It peaked at number 51 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was number 18 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. It was never released in the UK. There is a famous remix of entity produced by Trackmasters Entertainment, featuring rapper Foxy Brown and rapper Joe Budden.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor, screenwriter, director, and producer. He was best known for his swashbuckling roles in silent films including The Thief of Bagdad, Robin Hood, and The Mark of Zorro, but spent the early part of his career making comedies. Though he was considered one of the biggest stars in Hollywood during the 1910s and 1920s, Fairbanks's career rapidly declined with the advent of the \"talkies\". His final film was The Private Life of Don Juan .", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, director and screenwriter, who became famous for his roles in silent swashbuckling films such as The Sign of Zorro, The Three Musketeers, Robin Hood or The Thief of Baghdad. was for a time nicknamed The King of Hollywood and was one of the first \"stars\" in the history of cinema.", "album    entity is the 10th studio album by English musician David Bowie, released on 23 January 1976 by RCA Records. Regarded as one of his most significant works, the album was the vehicle for Bowie's performance persona, the Thin White Duke. Co-produced by Bowie and Harry Maslin, entity was mainly recorded at Cherokee Studios in Los Angeles, California, in late 1975, after Bowie completed shooting the film The Man Who Fell to Earth; the cover art featured a still from the film. During the sessions, Bowie was dependent on drugs, especially cocaine, and later said that he recalled almost nothing of the production.", "album    entity is the tenth studio album by David Bowie, released in early 1976 by RCA Records. Station to Station is carried by the last \"character\" embodied by Bowie, the Thin White Duke.", "soccer player    entity is a Hungarian football player, who is currently playing for . His former clubs include OFI Crete, Roda JC, Beerschot AC and NAC Breda. From 2000 to 2004, he played for K.F.C. Germinal Beerschot, the predecessor of Beerschot AC. He is a solid, versatile player with a good attitude and can play as a left back, left winger or in a defensive midfield role; his main traits are his excellent one-touch passes, accurate cross-field balls and bursts forward when the team are attacking. Bodor is also a freekick specialist and is renowned for a powerful left foot.", "soccer player    entity is a Hungarian international footballer born on April 27, 1982 in P\u00e9cs, naturalized Belgian in 2007. He plays as a left-back.", "comics creator    entity was a prominent Russian and Soviet agronomist, botanist and geneticist best known for having identified the centers of origin of cultivated plants. He devoted his life to the study and improvement of wheat, maize and other cereal crops that sustain the global population. Vavilov's work was criticized by Trofim Lysenko, whose anti-Mendelian concepts of plant biology had won favor with Joseph Stalin. As a result, Vavilov was arrested and subsequently sentenced to death in July 1941. Although his sentence was commuted to twenty years' imprisonment, he died in prison in 1943. In 1955 his death sentence was retroactively", "comics creator    entity is an eminent Russian and Soviet botanist and geneticist.", "album    entity is a music genre that arose in the 1990s among musicians from indie rock scenes influenced by folk music. entity hybridizes the acoustic guitar melodies of traditional folk music with contemporary instrumentation. In the United Kingdom, artists such as Ben Howard and Mumford & Sons emerged, with the latter band promoting the music style through their Gentlemen of the Road touring festivals. The success of acts like Mumford & Sons led some music journalists like Popjustice's Peter Robinson labelling this new British music scene as The New Boring or Beige Pop.", "album    entity is a musical genre that emerged in the 1990s by indie rock musicians inspired by folk and country music. entity blends the melodies of indie rock with the acoustic sounds of contemporary folk music. The first artists of the genre are Ani DiFranco and Dan Bern. Other musicians and bands of the genre are The Decemberists, Fleet Foxes, The Cave Singers, Loch Lomond, Bon Iver, Or, The Whale, Great Lake Swimmers, Milky Chance and Blind Pilot.", "sea    entity is a 2003 American Revisionist Western film directed by Ron Howard and starring Tommy Lee Jones and Cate Blanchett. It is based on Thomas Eidson's 1996 novel The Last Ride.", "sea    entity is a 2003 American western by Ron Howard. It is based on the novel The Last Ride by Thomas Eidson. The plot takes place in the Territory of New Mexico in 1885. It is remarkable for the use of the Apache language by several actors, some of whom had to study it for a long time for the filming.", "village    entity is a city in the department of the Yvelines, \u00cele-de-France, renowned worldwide for the Ch\u00e2teau de entity and the gardens of entity, designated UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Located in the western suburbs of the French capital, 17.1 km from the centre of Paris, entity is in the 21st century a wealthy suburb of Paris with a service-based economy, as well as a major tourist destination. According to the 2017 census, the population of the city is 85,862 inhabitants, down from a peak of 94,145 in 1975.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Yvelines, in the \u00cele-de-France region, world famous for its castle as well as for its park, sites classified under the aegis of UNESCO in the list of world heritage of entity. 'humanity.", "airline    entity is a Canadian airline founded in 1994 that began operations in 1996. It began as a low-cost alternative to the country's competing major airlines. WestJet provides scheduled and charter air service to more than 100 destinations in Canada, the United States, Europe, Mexico, Central America, and the Caribbean. The airline's headquarters is located adjacent to the Calgary International Airport. In 2018, WestJet had passenger revenues of CAN$4.733 billion.", "airline    entity is a Canadian low-cost airline that provides scheduled and charter flight services to 86 destinations in Canada, the United States, Mexico and the Caribbean. Founded in 1996, WestJet is currently the second largest airline in Canada, behind Air Canada.", "comics creator    entity is undeniably original and unorthodox, it does not adhere to the generally accepted critical understanding of free jazz. In fact, Ayler's style is difficult to categorize in any way, and it evoked incredibly strong and disparate reactions from critics and fans alike. His innovations have inspired subsequent jazz musicians.", "comics creator    entity is an American saxophonist.", "actor    entity is an American-French singer, songwriter, rapper, DJ, and fashion designer formerly signed to French electronic music record label Ed Banger Records. Uffie's music incorporates synthpop, acid house, alternative dance, and \"somewhere between electro, rap and nu skool\". She is perhaps best known for her single \"Pop the Glock\", as well as \"TThhEe PPaARRtTYY\", her collaboration with Justice which appears on their Grammy nominated album Cross. Some of her live performances have been described as \"Warholian\".", "actor    entity is an American electronic music singer based in Paris.", "soccer manager    entity was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played six seasons in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Maroons and Chicago Black Hawks. Blinco's name was inscribed on the Stanley Cup with the Montreal Maroons in 1935.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player. He made his debut in the National Hockey League with the Montreal Maroons in 1932 and at the end of the 1933-1934 season won the title of best rookie in the NHL.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubart\u00f3w, within Lubart\u00f3w County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres north-west of Lubart\u00f3w and 30 km north of the regional capital Lublin.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Lubart\u00f3w in Lubart\u00f3w County, Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at N\u00fcrburgring, N\u00fcrburg, Germany on 22 July 2007. It was the tenth race of the 2007 Formula One season. The 60-lap race was won by Fernando Alonso driving for the McLaren team after starting from second position. Felipe Massa finished second for Ferrari with Mark Webber third in a Red Bull Racing car.", "formula one team    entity is the 778th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950 and the tenth in the 2007 championship.", "military person    entity was a French G\u00e9n\u00e9ral de corps d'arm\u00e9e, World War II and French Resistance veteran and survivor of Buchenwald and Mauthausen-Gusen concentration camps. He was a commander of the French forces in Tonkin during the First Indochina War, and notably during the Battle of Dien Bien Phu. His post-war private and legal conflict with superior General Henri Navarre became a public controversy. Known to his men as Le General Vitesse , and reputable for his military pomp, physical presence and skill with the press, Cogny was killed in 1968 Ajaccio-Nice Caravelle crash in the Mediterranean near Nice.", "military person    entity is a French general officer. He took part in the Second World War and was at the head of the French forces in Tonkin during the Indochina War, notably during the Battle of Di\u00ean Bi\u00ean Phu.", "vice president    entity is often referred to by the honorific nicknames \"Godfather of Soul\", \"Mr. Dynamite\", and \"Soul Brother No. 1\". In a career that lasted over 50 years, he influenced the development of several music genres. Brown was one of the first ten inductees into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame at its inaugural induction in New York on January 23, 1986.", "vice president    entity is frequently nicknamed The Godfather of Soul. Throughout a career that spanned six decades, Brown is one of the most influential figures in 20th century popular music and is renowned for his stage performances.", "president    entity is a conservative faction within the Union for a Popular Movement . It was created as a faction in July 2012 by Guillaume Peltier and Geoffroy Didier.", "president    entity is a current of the UMP created in July 2012 by Guillaume Peltier and Geoffroy Didier. It is linked to the La Droite R\u00e9publicaine association, created at the same time . a possible \"soft Right\" implicitly denounced.", "comics creator    entity was a German physicist who was born in Bonn and died in M\u00fcnster, Germany. Hittorf was the first to compute the electricity-carrying capacity of charged atoms and molecules , an important factor in understanding electrochemical reactions. He formulated ion transport numbers and the first method for their measurements. He observed tubes with energy rays extending from a negative electrode. These rays produced a fluorescence when they hit the glass walls of the tubes. In 1876 the effect was named \"cathode rays\" by Eugen Goldstein.", "comics creator    entity is a German physicist and chemist. He is known for his work on electrolyte migration, the quantitative study of metal ion allotropy, and the characterization of cathode rays.", "soccer player    entity is a former Georgian basketball player for the Georgian national team, where he participated at the EuroBasket 2015. He retired as a player in 2019 due to injuries, and was appointed as the head coach of in for the 2020 season.", "soccer player    entity is a Georgian basketball player. He is playing as a winger.", "actor    entity is a Romanian singer and songwriter. Born in Mangalia and raised in Neptun, she studied political science at Ovidius University before meeting the Romanian trio Play & Win and pursuing a music career. She adopted the stage name \"Alessandra\" in 2008 and adopted a pop-rock style; later that year, she changed her stage name to \"Inna\" and began releasing house music. \"Hot\" , her debut single, was a commercial success worldwide and topped the Romanian and Billboard's Hot Dance Airplay chart, among others. Inna's debut studio album of the same name followed in August 2009 and was certified Gold and Platinum. It featured several other successful singles in Europe, including \"Amazing\" (20", "actor    entity is Elena Alexandra Apostoleanu, was born on October 16, 1986 in Mangalia, Romania, is a Romanian dance pop singer and dancer. She started working with Play & Win producers in 2008.", "album    entity is the third studio album by Pennywise, released on June 13, 1995. Although the album was not a commercial success, it is widely considered to be one of Pennywise's best releases, and it includes their concert staples \"Peaceful Day\", \"Perfect People\", \"Every Single Day\", and \"Same Old Story\". entity was also the first Pennywise album to chart in Billboard; the release peaked at number 96. Most of the album follows the theme of problems with time: fear of it passing, controlling it and accepting it.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by California melodic skate punk band Pennywise. Released in 1995 on Epitaph, it is the last on which plays Jason Thirsk, who will commit suicide the following year.", "comics creator    Bangladesh_(record_producer)", "comics creator    entity is an American rap producer and DJ born and raised in Des Moines, Iowa, now living in Atlanta, Georgia. was only revealed in 2000 with his work on the single What's Your Fantasy by Ludacris, with which he would work later. Big Sean's Dupa Lemonade.", "single    entity were an American rock band formed in Ann Arbor, Michigan in 1967 by singer Iggy Pop, guitarist Ron Asheton, drummer Scott Asheton, and bassist Dave Alexander. Initially playing a raw, primitive style of rock and roll, the band sold few records in their original incarnation and gained a reputation for their confrontational performances, which often involved acts of self-mutilation by Iggy Pop.", "single    entity is unanimously recognized. The Stooges were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2010.", "album    entity is a live album, DVD and Blu-ray Disc from Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation. It was released in November, 2014 and is available on 2-disc DVD, 2-disc CD, 2-disc Blu-ray and digital album. The live album features two performances, being the first one the greatest part of the band's 15th anniversary concert at the Sportpaleis, entitled Elements, and the second one the band's performance at the AFAS Live during the Hydra World Tour.", "album    entity is the third live album by Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation, released on November 14, 2014 on the Bertelsmann label and recorded at Antwerp Sports Palace on November 13, 2012 and at Heineken Music Amsterdam Hall on May 3, 2014.", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional baseball third baseman for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball . He made his MLB debut with the Colorado Rockies in 2013. Arenado has been considered among the top third basemen in the league both for his contributions as a hitter for power and average, as well as his defensive range and arm strength. He is the only infielder to win the Rawlings Gold Glove Award in each of his first nine MLB seasons. He was traded to the Cardinals prior to the 2021 season.", "soccer manager    entity is a Major League Baseball third baseman with the Colorado Rockies.", "castle    entity is a mountain of the Monte Rosa Massif in the Pennine Alps in Aosta Valley, Italy. It is the highest mountain between the Ayas Valley and Valtournenche. The mountain is composed of two summits, the north being higher than the south summit by just 9m.", "castle    entity is a mountain in the Pennine Alps, in the Aosta Valley.", "album    entity is a collection of music videos released in 1993 to accompany the Prince's greatest hits collection, The Hits/The B-Sides. Being a single VHS cassette/DVD, the collection is only an hour long and excludes many tracks from the audio release. Many of his biggest hits like \"When Doves Cry\", \"Batdance\" and \"U Got the Look\" were left off the collection, while the karaoke-style video for \"Sign o' the Times\" was included. The collection included some of Prince's earliest videos, which are rarely seen on television.", "album    entity is a music video released in 1993 to accompany the release of The Hits/The B-Sides compilation.", "album    entity is the ninth studio album by American singer Michael Jackson, released on June 20, 1995. It was the fifth Jackson album released through Epic Records, and the first on his label MJJ Productions. It comprises two discs: HIStory Begins, a greatest hits compilation, and HIStory Continues, comprising new material written and produced by Jackson and collaborators. The album includes appearances by Janet Jackson, Shaquille O'Neal, Slash, and the Notorious B.I.G. The genres span R&B, pop, hip hop, elements of hard rock and funk rock. The themes include environmental awareness, isolation, greed, suicide, injustice, and Jackson's conflicts and common-ground with the media.", "album    entity is Michael Jackson's first single from the album HIStory. The song \"Scream\", is a duet with Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson.", "vice president    entity is a German former business executive who was chairman of the board of management of Volkswagen AG, the parent company of the Volkswagen Group, chairman of the supervisory board of Audi, and chairman of the board of management of Porsche Automobil Holding SE. He succeeded Bernd Pischetsrieder as CEO of Volkswagen AG in 2007. Prior to that, he had been the chairman of the board of management of the Volkswagen Group subsidiary Audi AG.", "vice president    Martin Winterkorn, born May 24, 1947 in Leonberg, has been CEO of Volkswagen since 2007.", "single    entity is a 2008 spy film and the twenty-second in the James Bond series produced by Eon Productions. Directed by Marc Forster and written by Paul Haggis, Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, it is a direct sequel to Casino Royale, and the second film to star Daniel Craig as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The film also stars Olga Kurylenko, Mathieu Amalric, Gemma Arterton, Jeffrey Wright, and Judi Dench. In the film, Bond seeks revenge for the death of his lover, Vesper Lynd, and is assisted by Camille Montes, who is coincidentally seeking to avenge the murder of her own family. The trail eventually leads them to wealthy businessman Dominic Greene, a member of the Quantum organisation, which intends to stage a coup d'\u00e9tat in Bolivia to seize control of the country's water supply.", "single    entity is a British-American spy film directed by Marc Forster and released in 2008. It is the 22nd installment in the James Bond film series produced by EON Productions. composing the collection of Ian Fleming's Good kisses from Paris.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American rock band the Killers. It was released in the United Kingdom on September 17, 2012, by Vertigo Records and in the United States the following day by Island Records.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by The Killers, released on September 17, 2012.", "soccer player    entity is a Moldovan footballer who plays as a centre-back for Turkish club Tuzlaspor.", "soccer player    entity is a Moldovan international footballer born on November 7, 1990 in Chi \u0219 in \u0103 u. He is currently playing as a defender at FC Dacia Chi \u0219 in \u0103 u.", "film    entity is a 1976 French-Italian comedy film starring Vittorio Gassman, Ugo Tognazzi, Nino Manfredi, Paolo Villaggio, Marcello Mastroianni, Senta Berger, Adolfo Celi, and Felice Andreasi.", "film    entity is an Italian film directed by Leonardo Benvenuti, Luigi Comencini, Piero De Bernardi, Agenore Incrocci, Nanni Loy, Ruggero Maccari, Luigi Magni, Mario Monicelli, Ugo Pirro, Furio Scarpelli and Ettore Scola, released in 1976.", "video game    entity is an online multiplayer action-adventure game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games. It was released on 1 October 2013 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, 18 November 2014 for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, and 14 April 2015 for Microsoft Windows; PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S versions are scheduled for March 2022. The game is the online component of Grand Theft Auto V. Set within the fictional state of San Andreas , entity allows up to 30 players to explore its open world environment and engage in cooperative or competitive game matches.", "video game    entity is a multiplayer action-adventure video game featuring a persistent world based on the gameplay and universe of Grand Theft Auto V but adding RPG elements. It is the sixteenth and last game in the order of appearance of the GTA series, as well as the first game of the franchise, as its name suggests, essentially multiplayer.", "album    entity is the fourteenth studio album by guitarist Joe Satriani, released on May 7, 2013 through Epic Records. The album reached No. 42 on the U.S. Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for three weeks, as well as reaching the top 100 in nine other countries.", "album    entity is Joe Satriani's fourteenth studio album. It was released on May 7, 2013.", "comics creator    entity was a Swiss sculptor best known for his kinetic art sculptural machines that extended the Dada tradition into the later part of the 20th century. Tinguely's art satirized automation and the technological overproduction of material goods.", "comics creator    entity was a Swiss sculptor, painter and draftsman . 1954 under the name of M\u00e9ta-mechaniques which were then electrically animated paintings.", "album    entity is a song by German Neue Deutsche H\u00e4rte band Rammstein. It was released as the second single from their sixth studio album, Liebe ist f\u00fcr alle da , on 5 February 2010. A music video for the song was previously released online on 21 December 2009.", "album    entity is a song by the German group Rammstein released as a single which is present on the album Liebe ist f\u00fcr alle da. The song is about sexual humiliation. The clip, meanwhile, was censored by the German Ministry for Families and had to be posted on a site prohibited for those under the age of 18. This song is, despite this, considered by fans as the best song on the album.", "president    entity is the house of government of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the building that houses the Oklahoma Legislature and executive branch offices. It is located along Lincoln Boulevard in Oklahoma City and contains 452,508 square feet of floor area. The present structure includes a dome completed in 2002. The state capitol complex is the only state capitol grounds in the United States with active oil rigs.", "president    entity is located in the city of Oklahoma City in the United States. Its dome is 47 m high and is topped by a 5 m high bronze statue of a Native American. Portal of Architecture and Urbanism Portal of Architecture and Urbanism Oklahoma Portal Oklahoma Portal", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, comedian, writer, producer and DJ. Along with his brother Marlon Wayans, he wrote and starred in The WB's sitcom The Wayans Bros. and in the comedy films Don't Be a Menace , Scary Movie , Scary Movie 2 , White Chicks , Little Man , and Dance Flick . He made his debut on In Living Color .", "screen writer    entity is an American actor. He is the brother of Keenen Ivory, Damon, Marlon and Kim Wayans.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Drafted 6th overall in the 1996 NHL Draft by the Edmonton Oilers, Devereaux is best known for forming 1/3 of the \"Two Kids and a Goat\" line as a member of the Detroit Red Wings, alongside Pavel Datsyuk and Brett Hull, ultimately culminating in the 2002 Stanley Cup championship.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Swedish rock band The Hives. The track listing for entity was confirmed on the band's German website on 13 September 2007, and later through NME. The Hives recorded 20 to 30 songs for this album from which they finally chose the best. Other tracks were produced by Jacknife Lee and Dennis Herring. Sessions were held with Timbaland, with whom the band produced the song \"Throw It On Me\", but took place too late for any of the resulting tracks to be on the album. They hoped to use these songs as B-sides.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Swedish garage rock band The Hives. ; however, its release was postponed for unknown reasons. The first single from this album is Tick Tick Boom; it notably served as the soundtrack for a Nike commercial shortly before its release as a single on October 8, 2007.", "state    entity is a state in the Midwestern region of the United States. Of the fifty U.S. states, it has the fifth largest gross domestic product , the sixth largest population, and the 25th largest land area. Chicago is the state's largest city and the fifth largest city in North America, with the capital in Springfield, located in the center of the state; other major urban areas include Metro East , Peoria and Rockford.", "state    entity is a state in the Midwestern United States. Its name comes from the Native American tribe of entity who lived there. It is bordered to the northeast by Lake Michigan. Neighboring states are Wisconsin to the north, Iowa and Missouri to the west, Kentucky to the south, and Indiana to the east.", "noble    entity was sacked and occupied by the Fourth Crusaders, an important moment of the Christian East\u2013West Schism. The Byzantine Empire, already weakened by misrule, was left divided and in chaos.", "noble    entity were also among the triggers of the Crusades, brought about the destruction of the Byzantine Empire, the successor of the Roman Empire of Antiquity, and allowed the Ottoman Empire to become one of the greatest powers of the time. The first", "soccer player    entity is an Armenian-Turkish footballer. He plays as a center back.", "soccer player    entity is a Turkish footballer of Armenian origin born on January 21, 1984 in Kad \u0131 k\u00f6y, Merdivenk\u00f6y. He is 1.91 m tall and weighs 81 kg.", "volcano    entity is a Japanese sh\u014djo manga series written and illustrated by Hinako Ashihara. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Betsucomi magazine from the May 2003 issue to the July 2006 issue . Shogakukan collected the individual chapters into 10 bound volumes from August 2003 to August 2006. The series won the 50th Shogakukan Manga Award in the sh\u014djo manga category in 2005.", "volcano    entity is a sh\u014djo manga created by Hinako Ashihara in 2003 in which we find of course the characteristic elements of the sh\u014djo as well as comments on serious subjects such as mourning, suicide, social inequality, etc. In 2005, the manga was awarded the Sh\u014dgakukan award in the Sh\u014djo category, tied with Y\u016bki Obata's C'\u00e9t\u00e9 nous.", "film    entity is a 2014 English-language French action-thriller film directed by Olivier Megaton and written by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen. It is the third and final installment in the Taken trilogy. A co-production between France, Spain and the United States, the film stars Liam Neeson, Forest Whitaker, Maggie Grace and Famke Janssen.", "film    entity is a French film directed by Olivier Megaton released in 2015.", "album    entity is the third studio album by rapper Da Brat. It was released on April 11, 2000. On September 21, 2001 it was certified platinum by the RIAA.", "album    entity is Da Brat's third studio album, released on April 11, 2000.", "comics creator    entity is a memoir by the Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards, written with the assistance of journalist James Fox. Published in October 2010, in hardback, audio and e-book formats, the book chronicles Richards' love of music, charting influences from his mother and maternal grandfather, through his discovery of blues music, the founding of the Rolling Stones, his often turbulent relationship with Mick Jagger, his involvement with drugs, and his relationships with women including Anita Pallenberg and his wife Patti Hansen. Richards also released Vintage Vinos, a compilation of his work with the X-Pensive Winos, at the same time.", "comics creator    entity is the autobiography of Keith Richards, the famous Rolling Stones guitarist, written with the help of journalist James Fox. Published in October 2010, the book is available in print, audiobook and ebook formats and chronicles the guitarist's love of music, his discovery of blues music, his turbulent relationship with Mick Jagger, his addictions to drugs and his relationships. with women, including Anita Pallenberg and his wife Patti Hansen.", "album    entity is a Swedish black metal band formed in Norrk\u00f6ping in 1990. The band released their debut full-length album, Dark Endless, in 1992 on No Fashion Records. Their name is derived from the Ancient Babylonian deity, entity.", "album    entity is a Swedish black metal band from Norrk\u00f6ping.", "album    entity is a live album by Northern Irish guitarist Gary Moore, released in 1993. It is a collection of recordings taken from his 1992 tour and draws most of its material from Moore's then-recent Still Got the Blues and After Hours albums. It was by far the most successful of all his live albums, reaching #8 on the UK Album Charts and being certified Gold. Its release was preceded by the single Parisienne Walkways .", "album    entity is an album by Irish guitarist Gary Moore released in 1993. It is a live recording made during the 1992 tour. Most of the songs are from Gary Moore's two previous albums, Still Got the Blues and After Hours.", "bank    entity is an American alternative investment management company based in New York City. In 2019, Blackstone converted from a publicly traded partnership into a C-type corporation. Blackstone's private equity business has been one of the largest investors in leveraged buyouts in the last three decades, while its real estate business has actively acquired commercial real estate. As of 2020, the company's total assets under management were approximately US$619 billion.", "bank    entity is an American investment bank created in 1985 by Peter G. Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman, both from the former New York investment bank Lehman Brothers.", "musical artist    entity is an American singer, songwriter, and musician. He has released twenty studio albums, many of which feature his backing band the E Street Band. Originally from the Jersey Shore, he is one of the originators of the heartland rock style of music, combining mainstream rock musical style with narrative songs about working class American life. During a career that has spanned five decades, Springsteen has become known for his poetic, socially conscious lyrics and energetic stage performances, sometimes lasting up to four hours in length. He has been nicknamed \"the Boss\".", "musical artist    entity is an American singer and songwriter. According to the ranking established by Rolling Stone magazine, he is ranked 36th among the 100 greatest singers of all the time.", "village    entity is a commune in the C\u00f4te-d'Or department in eastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of C\u00f4te-d'Or in the Burgundy region.", "album    entity is the third extended play by Korean American singer Ailee. It was released on September 25, 2014, by YMC Entertainment and Neowiz Internet. Magazine saw Ailee take greater creative control, co-writing four of the album's five songs, including the album's title track; Ailee also collaborated with long-time producer Kim Do Hoon and Korean rap twosome, Dynamic Duo. The song \"Don't Touch Me\" was used to promote the EP.", "album    entity is the third mini-album by American-South Korean singer Ailee. It was released on September 25, 2014 under YMC Entertainment and Neowiz Internet. The title \"Don't Touch Me\" was used for promotions for the album.", "military conflict    entity is a 1941 British war drama film. It was the third film made by the British filmmaking team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger. It was released in the United States as The Invaders. The British Ministry of Information approached Michael Powell to make a propaganda film for them, suggesting he make \"a film about mine-sweeping\". Instead, Powell decided to make a film to help sway opinion in the then-neutral United States. Said Powell, \"I hoped it might scare the pants off the Americans\" and thus bring them into the war. Screenwriter Emeric Pressburger remarked, \"Goebbels considered himself an expert on propaganda, but I thought I'd show him a thing or two\". Powell persuaded the British and Canadian governments and started location filming in 1940, but by the time the film", "military conflict    entity is a British film directed by Michael Powell, released in 1941.", "soccer player    entity is a French professional football player who most recently played for Annecy.", "soccer player    entity is a French footballer, born June 9, 1989 in Grenoble.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Kesha. The album was released on January 1, 2010, through RCA Records and distributed through Sony Music Entertainment. Kesha worked on the album with a variety of record producers and songwriters such as Lukasz \"Dr. Luke\" Gottwald, Benny Blanco, David Gamson, Greg Kurstin, Max Martin and others. Kesha had been recording demos for several years when one eventually ended up in the hands of Samantha Cox, senior director of writer/publisher relations at BMI. Cox passed along the demo and it ended up in the hands of Gottwald, who decided to have Kesha perform on the song \"Right Round\" with American rapper Flo Rida. Within two months, the song became a hit in multiple countries around the world. The event led to Kesha being soug", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American singer Kesha. The project took seven years to complete. Kesha has written nearly 200 songs for this. The album was reissued in 2011 with the EP Cannibal, under the title entity + Cannibal. The album was released under the RCA Records label. For this album Kesha Sebert worked with various producers and music writers such as Lukasz Gottwald, Benny Blanco, David Gamson, Greg Kurstin or Max Martin.", "album    entity is an album composed by John Zorn and featuring the Arcana Orchestra which was recorded in New York City in 2013 and released on the Tzadik label in March 2014. The album was recorded at Columbia University's Miller Theatre as part of the Zorn@60 Celebrations. The piece Kol Nidre is a tune from Zorn's Masada songbook.", "album    entity is an album by John Zorn which includes 4 works from his catalog of concert music. It was recorded at a concert performed on September 25, 2013, at the Miller Theater at Columbia University, New York, as part of the composer's sixtieth birthday celebrations.", "single    entity was a senior British Army officer who fought in both the First World War and the Second World War, served in the Malayan Emergency, and later advised the British government on the response to the Mau Mau Uprising. He also served as Chief of the Imperial General Staff , the professional head of the British Army, and was Governor of Cyprus from 1955 to 1957 during the Cyprus Emergency.", "single    entity is a British Field Marshal.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American R&B singer T-Pain, released through Konvict Muzik, RCA Records and his own label Nappy Boy Entertainment on December 6, 2011. It is his first album released after the dissolution of his previous label, Jive Records. Recording sessions for the album have taken place from 2009 to 2011. T-Pain stated that the two R's in the word, Revolve\u042f have been capitalized so that in the middle, it says \"evolve\", indicating that T-Pain has evolved as an artist, and as a person in the period from Thr33 Ringz up till Revolve\u042f. He later stated that the R's were put to show how people can be deceived, and precept incorrectly without looking at the inside of things, and he then said that this will be the scheme of the album.", "album    entity is T-Pain's fourth studio album, released on December 6, 2011. The album, which was originally to be called UBER, was to contain some tracks not found on the final track list: Take Your Shirt Off, Reverso Cowgirl, Rap Song or Kiss Her.", "sea    entity is a 2015 Canadian fantasy drama film co-directed by Guy Maddin and Evan Johnson, and written by Maddin, Johnson, and Robert Kotyk. The film stars Roy Dupuis, Clara Furey, Louis Negin, Jacques Nolot, Charlotte Rampling, Udo Kier, Gregory Hlady, Sparks, Karine Vanasse, Mathieu Amalric, Maria de Medeiros and Geraldine Chaplin.", "sea    entity is a 2015 Canadian fantasy adventure film directed by Guy Maddin and Evan Johnson.", "screen writer    entity is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association and Europe. At 6'0\" , he played as a guard. Burks played at Booker T. Washington High School in Memphis, then one year at Hiwassee Junior College in Madisonville, Tennessee before joining the University of Memphis as an invited walk-on. He helped the Tigers win the NIT in 2002. His senior year he was named the Conference USA player of the year. Burks became an assistant coach for LeMoyne-Owen College in 2010.", "screen writer    entity is an American basketball player. This article is partially or entirely taken from the English Wikipedia article titled \"Antonio Burks\".Basketball Portal Basketball Portal USA Portal USA Portal", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Tupac from the 2003 soundtrack album Tupac: Resurrection: The Original Soundtrack. The track is American rapper Eminem's take on the 1996 original, which features both Shakur and Spice 1. Eminem's version features vocals from both himself and Outlawz. The song was released as a 12\" promo single in 2004, no official music video was ever created. It charted at #80 on The Billboard Hot 100 and number 55 in the RNB chart and 22 in rap singles. It also peaked at 134 in the UK.", "album    entity is Tupac Shakur's second posthumous single from the album Resurrection. It's a cover of the song \"entity\" released in 1996. The American rapper Eminem, producer of the posthumous album, appears alongside the group Outlawz.", "album    entity are an English rock band from Canterbury formed in mid-1966 by Robert Wyatt , Kevin Ayers , Daevid Allen , and Mike Ratledge . As a central band of the Canterbury scene, the group became one of the first British psychedelic acts and later moved into progressive rock and jazz fusion. Their varying line-ups have included former members such as Hugh Hopper , Elton Dean , and Andy Summers , and currently consists of John Marshall , Roy Babbington , John Etheridge , and Theo Travis", "album    entity is a British rock band, a pioneer in psychedelia. Its name is inspired by a book by William Burroughs: The entity", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, written by Paul McCartney and credited to Lennon\u2013McCartney. It was released on a non-album single as the B-side to \"Help!\" in July 1965. The song originated in McCartney's attempt to write a song in the style of Little Richard, whose song \"Long Tall Sally\" the band regularly covered.", "album    entity is a rock 'n' roll song by The Beatles, written by Paul McCartney and credited to Lennon/McCartney. This is a composition intended to imitate the style of Little Richard and thus replace the cover of his song Long Tall Sally in the group's repertoire. This lively rock led by McCartney who literally screams is recorded only a few hours before the very quiet YesterdayThe song appears for the first time on the B side of the single Help! July 23, 1965.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, artist, director, and screenwriter. He is perhaps best known for his roles as Marv Merchants in Home Alone and Home Alone 2: Lost in New York , Phil Berquist in City Slickers and City Slickers II: The Legend of Curly's Gold , the voice of adult Kevin Arnold on the television series The Wonder Years and the voice of Dilbert on the animated series of the same name. Other notable films of his include Breaking Away , Stardust Memories , Diner , Blue Thunder , Hannah and Her Sisters , The Milagro Beanfield War , Coupe de Ville and Very Bad Things . He made his feature-film directorial debut with Rookie of the Year .", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, producer and director born August 28, 1957 in Bethesda, Maryland. He is known in particular for his role as Marvin in Mom, I missed the plane, a performance that he renewed two years later in Mom, I still missed the plane.", "album    entity is the second single from Lil Wayne's fourth studio album, Tha Carter. The single's famous drum beat is produced by DJ Mannie Fresh, who also provides vocals in the song.The lyrics to the song are both written and performed by Lil Wayne. The single became Lil Wayne's first solo hit, reaching the top three on the US Rap Charts and becoming a top 20 single. The song was Lil Wayne's most successful single as a lead artist until \"Lollipop\" reached number one in 2008. The song's chorus is borrowed from an earlier song of the same title by New Orleans rap group U.N.L.V.", "album    entity is the second single from Lil Wayne's fourth studio album, Tha Carter, released in 2004. The song was produced by DJ Mannie Fresh, who also provided vocals. The song's lyrics were written and performed by Lil Wayne. The single became a Lil Wayne classic reaching number three on the US Rap Charts.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. He is currently an unrestricted free agent who most recently played for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod of the Kontinental Hockey League .", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "comics creator    entity was a French chemist and mineralogist.", "comics creator    entity was a French mineralogist and chemist. He discovered the Friedel-Crafts reaction with James Crafts in 1877.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres north-west of Gr\u00f3jec and 36 km south-west of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Pniewy in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 12 kilometers northwest of Gr\u00f3jec and 36 kilometers southwest of Warsaw. The village has a population of approximately 145 inhabitants.", "album    entity is Depeche Mode's eleventh UK single, released in 1984 and the second single from the Some Great Reward album. Its subject matter is BDSM relationships, which caused some controversy. It reached number 9 in the UK Singles Chart, number 49 in the American dance chart and number 87 on the Billboard Hot 100.", "album    entity is Depeche Mode's eleventh single, released on August 20, 1984, and the second single from the album Some Great Reward. sales of singles, and constitutes one of the greatest hits of the English formation, remaining one of its emblematic pieces.", "comics creator    entity is a science fiction themed interactive fiction video game written by Steve Meretzky, and the eighth title published by Infocom in 1983. The original release included versions for Apple II, Atari 8-bit family, TRS-80, and IBM PC compatibles . The Atari ST and Commodore 64 versions were released in 1985. A version for CP/M was also released. Although entity was Meretzky's first title, it proved one of his most popular works and a best-seller for Infocom; it was one of five top-selling titles to be re-released in Solid Gold versions including in-game hints. entity uses the Z-machine originally developed for the Zork franchise and was added as a bonus to the \"Zork Anthology\".", "comics creator    entity is an interactive science fiction fiction written by Steve Meretzky, published by Infocom in 1983. The first versions were intended for computers and the Apple II before being ported to other consoles. The game uses the Z-machine, originally developed for the Zork series. The game sold over 75,000 copies between 1983 and 1988.", "album    entity is the first solo album by Roger Waters; it was released in 1984, the year before Waters announced his departure from Pink Floyd. The album was certified gold in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America in April 1995.", "album    entity is the first real solo album by Roger Waters, former member of the group Pink Floyd, since the previous album \"Music from the body\" was a collaboration with Ron Geesin.", "screen writer    entity is an American ice hockey coach and former player. He is the current assistant coach of the Nashville Predators of the National Hockey League .", "screen writer    entity is a professional ice hockey player.", "vice president    entity was a United States Army four-star general who served in World War I, World War II, and the Korean War, where he commanded the Eighth United States Army before dying in a jeep accident. He received two Distinguished Service Crosses for extraordinary heroism in World War II and the Korean War.", "vice president    entity is a United States Army general who served as the first commander of the United States Eighth Army in Korea at the start of the Korean War.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a coastal province of the People's Republic of China and is part of the East China region. Shandong has played a major role in Chinese history since the beginning of Chinese civilization along the lower reaches of the Yellow River. It has served as a pivotal cultural and religious center for Taoism, Chinese Buddhism and Confucianism. Shandong's Mount Tai is the most revered mountain of Taoism and one of the world's sites with the longest history of continuous religious worship. The Buddhist temples in the mountains to the south of the provincial capital of Jinan were once among the foremost Buddhist sites in China. The city of Qufu is the birthplace of Confucius and was later established as the center of Confucianism. Confuciani", "governmental administrative region    entity is a province in eastern China, on the Yellow Sea and the Bohai Sea. With more than 95 million inhabitants, it is one of the most populated provinces in the country. Although located south of Beijing, entity is considered part of northern China. Its capital is Jinan.", "soccer player    entity is an Azerbaijani football manager and former footballer. He currently manages Zira FK. He played as a defender. Sadigov is the most capped player in the history of Azerbaijani national team with 111 games and captained the team since 2004 and he is widely recognized as one of the strongest players in the history of independent Azerbaijan, as he won the national league title six times and was selected as the footballer of the year six times. He played in UEFA Europa League and UEFA Champions League for FK Qaraba\u011f.", "soccer player    entity is an Azerbaijani international footballer who plays as a defender.", "film    entity is a 1979 German-Austrian film adaptation of the last section of the 1847\u20131850 novel The Vicomte of Bragelonne: Ten Years Later by Alexandre Dumas, p\u00e8re, which is itself based on the French legend of the Man in the Iron Mask. It was released in Europe with the alternative title Behind the Iron Mask. Olivia de Havilland made her final theatrical film role in a cameo appearance as the Queen Mother.", "film    entity is an Austrian-German adventure film directed by Ken Annakin, released in 1979. Based on the novel Le Vicomte de Bragelonne by Alexandre Dumas", "album    entity is the third studio album by American R&B group Jagged Edge. It was released by So So Def and Columbia on June 26, 2001 in the United States. The album's name is a spin on Alanis Morissette's album, Jagged Little Pill . The album debuted at number 3 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 215,000 copies in the US, outranking their previous album, J.E. Heartbreak which had peaked at number eighth on the chart; the album is the group's highest peaking album to date . However, it was not as successful as the group's previous album, though still successful; achieving Platinum status by the Recording Industry Association of America . entity has sold 1.5 million copies in the US.", "album    entity is the third studio album by male R&B group Jagged Edge, released in 2001. Party At number one on the Hot R&B/Hip Hop Singles & Tracks and number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album is almost entirely produced by Jermaine Dupri and his production collaborator So So Def B.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres south of Siedlce and 89 km east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 930.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Siedlce in the county of Siedlce in the Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Ain in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. The inhabitants of entity are called Thurignaciens.", "album    entity is an Austrian black metal band based in Vienna. Since their formation in 1993 they have released eight albums and two EPs on Napalm Records. Their lyrics make extensive use of J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth writings and mythology. Since 1995, their lineup has had a consistent lineup of musicians Silenius and Protector. The band has never performed live and has consistently maintained that they have no interest in ever doing so. Their latest album \"With Doom We Come\" was released on 5 January 2018.", "album    entity is an Austrian black metal band, known for taking inspiration from Tolkien's world.", "album    entity is a compilation album by MC Lyte. It was released on September 4, 2001, for Atlantic Records and Rhino Entertainment. The album featured songs from each of her studio albums except Seven & Seven.", "album    entity is a compilation album by MC Lyte, released on September 4, 2001.", "screen writer    entity is the older brother of fellow Disney animator Dick Kinney.", "screen writer    entity was an American animator, director, and actor.", "actor    entity is an American singer, actress, and television personality. Born in Honolulu, Hawai'i and raised in Louisville, Kentucky, she began acting at the age of 14 and studied musical theatre at Wright State University. Aspiring to pursue a career in music, Scherzinger dropped out of college and toured with the American rock band Days of the New before finding modest success with Eden's Crush, a girl group created through The WB's Popstars.", "actor    entity is an American singer known as the ex-singer of the Pussycat Dolls. She is also a dancer, lyricist and occasional actress.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at East London on 29 December 1962. It was the ninth and final race in both the 1962 World Championship of Drivers and the 1962 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The 82-lap race was won by Graham Hill driving a BRM, the Englishman taking his first Drivers' Championship in the process, with New Zealander Bruce McLaren and local driver Tony Maggs second and third respectively in works Cooper-Climaxes.", "formula one team    Results of the 1962 Formula 1 South African Grand Prix held at the Prince George Circuit on 29 December 1962.", "political party    entity is a Basque socialist political party. Founded in February 2011, it is the first political party belonging to the Basque nationalist \"abertzale left\" that openly rejects any kind of political violence.Before entity, sections of the Basque nationalist left who rejected ETA's violence left the movement and founded another party, Aralar, to represent that element of the abertzale left.", "political party    entity is a Spanish state political party active in the autonomous communities of the Basque Country and Navarre. It premiered on February 9, 2011.", "album    entity is a song by American pop rock band Maroon 5. It was written by frontman Adam Levine and lead guitarist James Valentine. The song was released on June 21, 2004, as the third single from Maroon 5's 2002 debut studio album, Songs About Jane. The single peaked at No. 5 in the United States and by December 2012 had sold more than 2,722,000 digital downloads. It peaked at No. 4 in the United Kingdom. In Australia, it reached No. 1, a position it held for five non-consecutive weeks. The single is noted for its music video starring Kelly Preston in a mother-daughter love triangle with lead singer Adam Levine.", "album    entity is a song by American band Maroon 5 released in 2004.", "soccer manager    entity is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey player.", "soccer manager    entity is a Swiss ice hockey player. He plays with the Swiss club ZSC Lions in the National League A.", "musical artist    entity is an English singer, songwriter, musician, and record and film producer who gained worldwide fame as co-lead vocalist, co-songwriter, and bassist for the Beatles. One of the most successful composers and performers of all time, he is known for his melodic approach to bass-playing, his versatile and wide tenor vocal range, and his musical eclecticism, exploring styles ranging from pre-rock 'n' roll pop to classical and electronica. His songwriting partnership with John Lennon remains the most successful in history.", "musical artist    entity is a British musician, multi-instrumentalist, songwriter and singer.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played in three National Hockey League games with the Toronto Maple Leafs during the 1967\u201368 season. He also played in over 200 WHA games with the Ottawa Nationals and Toronto Toros.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a song by American musician Bobby McFerrin released in 1988. It was the first a cappella song to reach number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, a position it held for two weeks. Originally released in conjunction with the film Cocktail, the song peaked at No. 1 on September 24, 1988, displacing \"Sweet Child o' Mine\" by Guns N' Roses.", "album    entity is one of Bobby McFerrin's most famous songs. It was the first a cappella song to reach No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, a position it held for two weeks in September 1988. It received the Grammy Award for Song of the Year. The music video features the presence of Robin Williams and Bill Irwin in addition to that of the interpreter. It has also been covered by many artists.", "actor    entity is an Indian professional wrestler and former basketball player. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling. He became the first Indian and Sikh player to be drafted into the National Basketball Association when the Dallas Mavericks selected him with the 52nd overall pick of the 2015 NBA draft. At 7 ft 2 in and 290 pounds , Singh played the center position. He played high school basketball at IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida.", "actor    entity is an Indian basketball player born on December 10, 1995 in Ballo Ke in the state of Punjab. Bhamara is 2.18m tall and plays at the pivot position.", "lake    entity is a lake of Yukon, Canada. It borders Kluane National Park, and lies along the edge of the Saint Elias Mountains. A World War II military camp was based here, at kilometre 202 of the Haines Highway, during the construction of the Haines and Alaska Highways. This camp was later converted into a lodge named Dezadeash Lodge in the 1960s. The lodge passed through various owners including Merle Lien, the father of recording artist Matthew Lien.", "lake    entity is a lake located in the Yukon. It borders Kluane National Park and Reserve, and spans the edges of the St. Elijah Range. During World War II a military camp was set up there, at kilometer 202 of the Haines Highway during construction of this highway and the Alaska Highway. This camp was converted into accommodation in 1960.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres west of Bielsk Podlaski and 36 km south of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok.", "village    entity is a village in Poland, located in Bielsk Podlaski Gmina, Bielsk Podlaski County, Podlaskie Voivodeship.", "soccer club    entity is a former American football wide receiver. He played college football at Louisiana State University, and was drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in the first round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played for the Chiefs from 2007 to 2014. He led the NFL in receiving touchdowns with 15 in 2010, earning Pro Bowl and Second Team All-Pro honors. He also played for the Cleveland Browns in 2015.", "soccer club    entity is an American football player playing wide receiver. A student at Louisiana State University, he played for the LSU Tigers. He was drafted in 2007 in 23rd place by the Kansas City Chiefs. American Football Portal American Football Portal USA Portal USA Portal", "soccer manager    entity is a retired Swiss ice hockey player. He played for several teams in the National League A , including EHC Biel, HC Lugano, HC Fribourg-Gott\u00e9ron and Lausanne HC. He also played for the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team on several occasions.", "soccer manager    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey player.", "film    entity is an American film and television production company founded in November 1985 by producer Brian Grazer and director Ron Howard.", "film    entity is an American audiovisual production company created by Brian Grazer and Ron Howard in 1986. It also has a subsidiary called Imagine Television for television production.", "village    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Podlaskie Voivodeship, north-eastern Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Bielsk Podlaski, which lies 39 kilometres south of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok. The only other town in the county is Bra\u0144sk, lying 25 km west of Bielsk Podlaski.", "village    entity is a county belonging to the Podlaskie Voivodeship in northeastern Poland.", "village    entity is a department in the northwest of France, named after the river entity.", "village    entity is a French department in the Basse-Normandie region, named after the river that rises there and then crosses it. Insee and La Poste assign it the code 61.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American rock band Kyuss. It was released on June 28, 1994, through Elektra and Chameleon Records.", "album    entity is Kyuss' third studio album.", "video game    entity is a 1990 video game developed by Manfred Trenz. It was developed for the Commodore 64 by Rainbow Arts, and was ported to other systems later. In addition to concept design and character creation, Trenz programmed entity on the Commodore 64. A sequel, entity II: The Final Fight, followed in 1991 for the Commodore 64 and other platforms.", "video game    entity is an action video game developed by Rainbow Arts and Factor 5 and released in 1990 on Commodore 64, Amiga, Atari ST, Amstrad CPC, ZX Spectrum. The game was ported to 8-bit microcomputers and then to consoles. The brainchild of Manfred Trenz, the concept of the game is a mix of platformer and shooter with vast levels of gameplay to explore .", "cricketer    entity is a former hockey player from Zimbabwe, who was a member of the national team that won the gold medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.", "cricketer    entity is a Zimbabwean field hockey player.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki, within \u8241osice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. This is the summer resort situated on the river Bug in Podlasie Bug Gorge Landscape Park. There was a resort of Polish State Railways here, now privately owned. Near the resort are numerous summer houses. The village is especially popular with the residents of Siedlce. Frono\u8242\u8d38w name probably comes from the surname of Russian engineer - Fronolov who designed the steel railway bridge at this location.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Sarnaki in \u0141 Osice County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. The village has a population of 32 in 2010.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. He played for the New England Whalers and the Calgary Cowboys of the World Hockey Association, as well as for the Chicago Black Hawks and the Minnesota North Stars of the National Hockey League.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by American singer Whitney Houston, released on December 10, 2002 by Arista Records. It was her first studio album released after her greatest hits compilation Whitney: The Greatest Hits in 2000, and after signing a $100 million contract with Arista Records in 2001, the largest recording contract for a female artist at the time.", "album    entity is Whitney Houston's fifth studio album, released on December 10, 2002.", "musical artist    entity is a Welsh musician, songwriter, and record producer. A prolific session bassist, he has played bass for acts such as The Who, the John Mayer Trio, Nine Inch Nails, Gary Numan, Jeff Beck and D'Angelo.", "musical artist    entity is a rock, funk and rhythm and blues bassist. Initially a follower of the fretless bass, he later returned to his classic form. His career really began in the 1980s. He played in the stage groups of Paul Young, David Gilmour, Tears for Fears.", "painter    entity was an Italian painter.", "painter    entity was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.", "album    entity is a 1999 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Myl\u732bne Farmer, first in a studio version, then in a live version during her 1999 concert Mylenium Tour. The song was the only single from her third live album Mylenium Tour and was released on 5 December 2000. The title draws from a direct quotation to a well-known scene in French children's book Le Petit Prince by Antoine de Saint Exup\u8305ry. Although it was generally appreciated by critics and was a top ten hit in France, it had moderate success in terms of sales.", "album    entity is the fourth title of the studio album Innamoramento by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. The track is in the setlist during the Mylenium Tour and was used as a live single to promote the album taken from the tour.", "album    entity was an American hip hop group based in Detroit, Michigan, United States. Formed in 1998 as a side project of Insane Clown Posse and Twiztid, entity was best known as a representative of the horrorcore subgenre. From 1998 to 2017, entity' lineup changed multiple times, with the most consistent members of the group being Violent J, Shaggy 2 Dope, Jamie Madrox, Monoxide and Blaze Ya Dead Homie.", "album    entity is a hardcore and horrorcore hip hop supergroup created in 1998 in Detroit and signed to Psychopathic Records since 2001. It currently has five members who are the rappers of the groups Insane Clown Posse, Twiztid and Blaze Ya Dead Homie. It is related to the concept of Dark Carnival.", "university    entity is a public research university located in Sydney, Australia. Founded in 1850, it is Australia's first university and is regarded as one of the world's leading universities. The university is one of Australia's six sandstone universities. The university comprises eight academic faculties and university schools, through which it offers bachelor, master and doctoral degrees. entity is a member of the Group of Eight, CEMS, the Association of Pacific Rim Universities and the Association of Commonwealth Universities.", "university    entity is Australia's oldest university. It was established in 1850. It is a member of the \"Group of Eight\", Australia's top eight universities ranked according to their performance. In 2008, the university had 46,054 students and 3,081 teachers and it was ranked second among Australian universities.", "comics creator    entity is among the best-selling music artists, having sold more than 75 million records worldwide. Much of Shakur's music has been noted for addressing contemporary social issues that plagued inner cities, and he is considered a symbol of activism against inequality.", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper, activist, poet and actor. who was active in the ranks of the Black Panthers, Tupac Shakur has sold more than 75 million albums worldwide.", "single    entity is an American professional baseball pitcher who is currently playing for the Cincinnati Reds. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Pittsburgh Pirates, New York Yankees, Detroit Tigers, Chicago Cubs, New York Mets, and Cincinnati Reds. Prior to his professional career, Wilson played college baseball for the Fresno State Bulldogs, where he was a member of the 2008 College World Series champions.", "single    entity is a left-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher with the New York Yankees.", "soccer player    entity is a Slovak retired professional footballer who played as a forward. He played in Czechoslovakia, Germany, Greece and Cyprus.", "soccer player    entity is a Slovak professional football player, currently not playing.Football portal Football portal Slovakia portal Slovakia portal", "governmental administrative region    entity is a landlocked country in East Africa. It is bordered to the east by Kenya, to the north by South Sudan, to the west by the Democratic Republic of the Congo, to the south-west by Rwanda, and to the south by Tanzania. The southern part of the country includes a substantial portion of Lake Victoria, shared with Kenya and Tanzania. Uganda is in the African Great Lakes region. Uganda also lies within the Nile basin and has a varied but generally a modified equatorial climate. It has a population of over 42 million, of which 8.5 million live in the capital and largest city of Kampala.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in East Africa. It is also considered part of the African Great Lakes. It is surrounded by the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west, Kenya to the east, Rwanda to the southwest, South Sudan to the north, and Tanzania to the south. The south of the country encompasses a large part of Lake Victoria. Uganda draws its", "basketball team    entity are an American professional basketball team based in Phoenix, Arizona. They compete in the National Basketball Association , as a member of the league's Western Conference Pacific Division. The Suns are the only team in their division not to be based in California, and play their home games at the Footprint Center. They are also the only team to play for Phoenix, as the other three teams all play for the state of Arizona.", "basketball team    entity are an NBA basketball franchise.", "comics creator    entity is an English musician, singer, songwriter, composer, and record producer. He entered the music industry as the frontman of the new wave band Tubeway Army. After releasing two albums with the band, he released his debut solo album The Pleasure Principle in 1979, topping the UK Albums Chart. While his commercial popularity peaked in the late 1970s and early 1980s with hits including \"Are 'Friends' Electric?\" and \"Cars\" , Numan maintains a cult following. He has sold over 10 million records.", "comics creator    Gary Numan, height 5\u2032 8\u2033, British singer and keyboardist, revealed himself with his group Tubeway Army in 1979 thanks to the album Replicas, noticed thanks to the hit Are 'Friends' Electric?. He has chained several successes in the \"synthpop\" vein with songs like Cars, She's Got Claws, We Take Mystery or I Die: You Die.", "village    entity is a Central Sudanic language of northeastern Congo. It is quite similar to Lese. entity is spoken in Watsa Territory.", "village    entity is a Nilo-Saharan language of the Central Sudanic branch of languages \u200b\u200bspoken in the Orientale Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.", "village    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. Between June 1974 and January 1983 the commune was merged with Duppigheim.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Bas-Rhin, in the Alsace region. From June 1, 1974 to January 1, 1983, the commune was merged with Duppigheim.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band Linkin Park. The song was released as the third single from their third studio album, Minutes to Midnight, on October 16, 2007. The first public performance of Shadow of the Day was during the Projekt Revolution tour in Auburn, Washington, on July 25, 2007. On September 4, 2012, entity, along with \"Breaking the Habit\", \"New Divide\", and \"Burn It Down\", was released in the \"Linkin Park Pack 02\" as downloadable content for the music rhythm video game, Rock Band 3.", "album    entity is the third single from Linkin Park's Minutes to Midnight album, released on October 16, 2007.", "village    entity is a town and municipality located in eastern Republika Srpska, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It rests at the confluence of the Drina and the Rzav river. As of 2013, it has a population of 10,668 inhabitants, while the town of entity has a population of 5,869 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a city and municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina located in the east of the Serbian Republic of Bosnia. According to the first results of the Bosnian census of 2013, the city intra muros has 5,869 inhabitants and municipality 11,774.entity is famous for its bridge, described in the novel by Nobel Prize for Literature Ivo Andri\u0107 , The Bridge over the Drina.", "film    entity is a 1975 French film directed by Bertrand Tavernier and starring Philippe Noiret. It is a historical drama set during the 18th century French R\u00e9gence centring on the Breton Pontcallec Conspiracy. It won the French Syndicate of Cinema Critics Prix M\u00e9li\u00e8s, and the C\u00e9sar Award for Best Director, Best Supporting Actor, Best Writing and Best Production Design, and was nominated for Best Film, Best Supporting Actress and Best Music.", "film    entity is a French historical film directed by Bertrand Tavernier, released in 1975, starring Philippe Noiret, Jean Rochefort and Jean-Pierre Marielle. The film takes place in the 18th century during the Regency period and notably depicts the true story of the Pontcallec conspiracy.", "album    entity is a song by American hip hop recording artist 50 Cent, released as the fifth single from his third album Curtis . The song, which was produced by DJ Khalil, features guest vocals from Senegalese-American singer Akon. The single officially hit airwaves on November 6, 2007. The song peaked at number 95 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.", "album    entity is the fifth single by rapper 50 Cent from his third album Curtis, featuring Akon. The single was officially released on November 6, 2007.", "comics creator    entity is a collection of novellas written by Stephen King in 1988 and 1989 and published in August 1990. It is his second book of this type, the first one being Different Seasons. The collection won the Bram Stoker Award in 1990 for Best Collection and was nominated for a Locus Award in 1991. In the introduction, King says that, while a collection of four novellas like Different Seasons, this book is more strictly horror with elements of the supernatural.", "comics creator    entity is the French name given to the first part of a collection of four short novels by Stephen King, published in 1990 and named Four Past Midnight. This collection won the Bram Stoker prize for the best collection of short stories 1990. Les Langoliers and Vue impregnable sur jardin secret constitute the two short novels of entity, the other two short novels having been published in French in the book Minuit 4.", "village    entity is a municipality located in the province of Palencia, Castile and Le\u00f3n, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 62 inhabitants. It is the site of the monastery of San Salvador, founded in 1063.", "village    entity is a Spanish municipality, in the province of Palencia, in the autonomous community of Castile and Le\u00f3n.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by English musician John Lennon. It was issued by Apple Records on 26 September 1974 in the United States and on 4 October in the United Kingdom. Written, recorded and released during his 18-month separation from Yoko Ono, the album captured Lennon in the midst of his \"Lost Weekend\". entity was an American number-one album on both the Billboard and Record World charts and included two hit singles, \"Whatever Gets You thru the Night\" and \"#9 Dream\". The first of these was Lennon's first number-one hit in the United States as a solo artist, and his only chart-topping single in either the US or Britain during his lifetime.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by John Lennon, released in 1974. After a few months of debauched life in Los Angeles, a Lennon freshly returned to New York and eager to reconnect with Yoko Ono decides to get to work on songs previously sketched out. Very personal pieces like the dreamlike Number 9 Dream rub shoulders with livelier songs like Steel and Glass, settling scores with Beatles manager Allen Klein.", "video game    entity is a 1999 platform video game developed by Ubi Pictures and published by Ubi Soft for the Nintendo 64, Microsoft Windows, Sega Dreamcast and Sony PlayStation. An enhanced remake titled Rayman Revolution was developed by Ubi Soft Annecy for the PlayStation 2. An alternative remake known as Rayman 2 Forever was developed by Ubi Soft Milan for the Game Boy Color. The game centers on the character Rayman, who is tasked with saving the fantastical land of the Fairy Glade from an army of robotic pirates led by Admiral Razorbeard. Rayman 2 was critically acclaimed for its gameplay, graphics and accessibility.", "video game    entity is a platform video game in the Rayman series, developed and published by Ubisoft. It was released on Nintendo 64 and PC for the holiday season of 1999, on Dreamcast in February 2000 and then in September 2000 on PlayStation.", "album    entity is the debut album by the American hard rock band entity. It was released on July 27, 1973, by Mercury Records. In the years leading up to the album, the Dolls had developed a local fanbase by playing regularly in lower Manhattan after forming in 1971. However, most music producers and record companies were reluctant to work with them because of their vulgarity and onstage fashion as well as homophobia in New York; the group later appeared in exaggerated drag on the album cover for shock value.", "album    entity is the debut album by the entity. The cover is very provocative for the time, we see the entity disguised as transvestites.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north of Warka, 25 km east of Gr\u00f3jec, and 46 km south of Warsaw. The village has a population of 150.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Warka in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 6 kilometers north of Warka, 25 kilometers east of Gr\u00f3jec and 46 kilometers south of Warsaw. The village has a population of approximately 150 in 2006.", "album    entity is a song by American hard rock band Alter Bridge. Written by lead guitarist Mark Tremonti and lead vocalist Myles Kennedy, it was produced by Michael \"Elvis\" Baskette and featured on the band's 2007 second studio album Blackbird. The track was released as the second single from the album on January 14, 2008, peaking at number 19 on the US Billboard Mainstream Rock Songs chart. An alternate version of the track featuring additional vocals by Lacuna Coil singer Cristina Scabbia was also later made available as a digital download.", "album    entity is Alter Bridge's fifth single, released in 2008.", "album    entity is the third solo album from American emcee Masta Ace. The release is a follow-up to his 2001 concept album Disposable Arts. It was extremely well received by both fans and critics, however sales were poor. The story follows Ace, an underground rapper through his \"Long Hot Summer\" in Brooklyn, accompanied by buddy Fats Belvedere. Ace ventures through the Brooklyn streets and goes out on tour with Fats as his unofficial manager. entity was well received from critics with a Metacritic score of 78/100 based on 10 reviews.", "album    entity is Masta Ace's third studio album, released on August 3, 2004. It is the sequel to his 2001 concept album, Disposable Arts. The story follows Ace, an underground rapper, during \"a long hot summer\" in Brooklyn, accompanied by his friend Fats Belvedere.", "screen writer    entity is an Italian-born American former racing driver. One of the most successful Americans in the history of motorsports, Andretti is one of only two drivers to have won races in Formula One, IndyCar, the World Sportscar Championship, and NASCAR . He has also won races in midget car racing and sprint car racing. In American popular culture, his name has become synonymous with speed, as with Barney Oldfield in the early twentieth century and Stirling Moss in the United Kingdom.", "screen writer    entity is an Italian-American racing driver. In a career spanning nearly five decades, he made motorsport history by winning the Formula 1 world championship in 1978, the Indianapolis 500 in 1969, the Daytona in 1967 and four IndyCar championships.", "governmental administrative region    entity was one of the fourteen zones located in the Mid-Western Development Region of Nepal. Nepalgunj were the administrative headquarters. Cities and towns were Narayan, Jajarkot and Chhinchu in the \"hills\"; Nepalgunj, Gularia and Kohalpur in Terai; and Birendranagar in Surkhet Valley in the Inner Terai.", "governmental administrative region    entity is one of the 14 zones of Nepal. It is attached to the Middle West development region. It is subdivided into 5 districts: Banke district; Bardiya district; Dailekh District; Jajarkot District; Surkhet district. Nepal portal Nepal portal", "album    entity were a rock group formed in Belfast, Northern Ireland, in April 1964, most prominently known for the rock standard \"Gloria\" and launching singer Van Morrison's musical career. The original five-member band consisted of Morrison, Alan Henderson, Ronnie Milling, Billy Harrison and Eric Wrixon. entity scored two UK hits in 1965 with \"Baby, Please Don't Go\" and \"Here Comes the Night\" . The latter song and \"Mystic Eyes\" were top 40 hits in the US.", "album    entity are a rock band from Northern Ireland formed in 1964.entity are best known for creating the immensely popular song Gloria, and for having counted in their ranks for two short years the famous singer Van Morrison, whose first compositions he played . From 1964 to 1966, with two albums and a handful of successful 45s, it established itself as one of the most influential rhythm and blues groups of its time.", "screen writer    entity is an American teen sitcom that was created by Michael Poryes, Rich Correll, and Barry O'Brien, and aired on Disney Channel for four seasons between March 2006 and January 2011. The series centers on Miley Stewart , a teenage girl living a double life as famous pop singer entity, an alter ego she adopted so she could maintain her anonymity and live a normal life as a typical teenager. Episodes deal with Miley's everyday struggles to cope with the social and personal issues of adolescence while maintaining the added complexities of her secret identity, which she sustains by wearing a blonde wig. Miley has strong relationships with her brother Jackson and her best friends Lilly Truscott and Oliver Oken, who also become aware of her secret. Cyrus's father,", "screen writer    entity is a 98-episode, 23-minute American television series created by Michael Poryes, Richard Correll and Barry O'Brien and aired between March 24, 2006 and January 16, 2011 on the Disney Channel. The series focuses on a young girl who lives a double life: by day Miley Stewart is an average student at school and by night a famous singer, entity, hiding her true identity from audiences other than her close friends and family.", "screen writer    entity is an American rower who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was also a member of the 1980 Olympic team women's eight that did not compete in the Moscow Olympic Games due to the US-led boycott. She was a member of the 1984 Olympic team in Los Angeles.", "screen writer    entity is an American rower.", "village    entity is a former commune in the Charente department in southwestern France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Bonnieure.", "village    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Charente department.", "military unit    entity is a military decoration of the United States Armed Forces. It was created in 1942 and is awarded for single acts of heroism or meritorious achievement while participating in aerial flight.", "military unit    entity is an American military distinction established by Franklin Delano Roosevelt in 1942 and retroactive until 1939. It is awarded to anyone who, serving in the United States Armed Forces, has distinguished himself during a flight.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Canadian singer Marie-Mai. The album was released on 28 August 2007 in Canada by Musicor and later, in France by Warner Music France, on 26 May 2008. The album was produced by Fred St-Gelais. The album was certified gold by Music Canada.", "album    entity is the second studio album by singer-songwriter Marie-Mai, released on August 28, 2007.", "noble    entity is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters, set in spring 1140. Published in 1983, it is the seventh novel in The Cadfael Chronicles. The story opens during the midnight service at the Abbey, when a young man seeks sanctuary, just seconds ahead of a mob of locals fresh from a wedding feast, charging him with theft and murder. The novel was the second of the series to be adapted for television in 1994 by Central for ITV.", "noble    entity is a historical detective novel by Ellis Peters, the seventh in the Brother Cadfael series, published in 1983. The novel was translated into French by Nicolas Gille in 1990.", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region. Its Gascon Occitan name is Campistr\u00f3s.", "single    Andy_Thomas_(ice_hockey)", "single    entity is an American professional ice hockey player.", "record label    entity is managed by Geffen Records.", "record label    entity is an American record label founded in 1965.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the Mountain West subregion of the Western United States. The 10th largest state by area, it is also the least populous and least densely populated state in the contiguous United States. It is bordered by Montana to the north and northwest, South Dakota and Nebraska to the east, Idaho to the west, Utah to the southwest, and Colorado to the south. The state population was 576,851 at the 2020 United States census, making it the least populated U.S. state. The state capital and the most populous city is Cheyenne, which had an estimated population of 63,957 in 2018.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the western United States, bordered to the west by Idaho, to the north by Montana, to the east by Nebraska and South Dakota and to the south by Colorado and the 'Utah. One third of the state is located in the Great Plains, but entity is mountainous throughout the rest of its territory. It is one of only two fully rectangular states. It is also the least populated state in the United States with its 563,626 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States, 8 miles north of Eugene. The city's population as of the 2010 census was 1,035.Founded in 1847, entity has retained the characteristics of traditional small town with walkable and close ties to the surrounding farming communities that stretch in all directions. Maintaining these characteristics is the central part of the city's community vision process completed in 2017.", "village    entity is an American city located in the State of Oregon and in the county of Lane.", "album    entity is the 26th single by the Japanese J-pop group Every Little Thing, released on November 12, 2003. It was used as the theme song for the drama Pure Love III.", "album    entity is the 25th single from Japanese band Every Little Thing.", "comics creator    entity is one of the early specialists in the merry company type of subject in Dutch genre painting. His contemporaries named him \u201cGheestige Willem\u201d .", "comics creator    entity is a Dutch painter, draftsman and engraver of the golden age. He is often considered the \"inventor\" of a certain type of genre scene depicting the amusements of aristocratic characters.", "amateur boxer    entity is a Uruguayan track and field athlete who competes in the long jump. He won a bronze medal at the 2015 Pan American Games, as well as several others on continental level.His personal best in the event is 8.17 m .", "amateur boxer    entity is a long jump specialist from Uruguay.", "video game    entity is a 2004 action-adventure video game. The game is based on the 2004 film of the same name from the Harry Potter franchise. The game was developed by KnowWonder, Griptonite Games, and EA UK each for different consoles and was published by Electronic Arts. The game was released as a trio, with separate versions for Game Boy Advance, Microsoft Windows, and home consoles . The game received \"mixed or average reviews\" by critics across all versions.", "video game    entity is an adventure video game released on June 4, 2004 for GameCube, PlayStation 2, Game Boy Advance, PC, and Xbox. The game is published by Electronic Arts.", "soccer player    entity is a professional footballer who plays as a left winger for Danish club Midtjylland and the Danish national team. He began his professional career with Midtjylland of the Danish Superliga, making 114 total appearances and scoring 31 goals over five seasons. In 2016 he transferred to Celta Vigo for a \u20ac5 million fee. He made his senior debut for the Denmark national team in 2015, and was part of their squad for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.", "soccer player    entity is a Danish international footballer born to South Sudanese parents. He plays as an attacking midfielder at FC Midtjylland.", "soccer player    entity is a Haitian former footballer who played as a midfielder for the Haiti national team.", "soccer player    entity is a Haitian football player. He plays as a midfielder with the Haiti football team and the Colorado Rapids. In August 2004, he became the fourth Haitian to play in Major League Soccer after Patrick Tardieu, S\u00e9bastien Vorbe and Jean-Philippe Peguero. measures 1.68 m.", "album    entity is the ninth studio album by American singer, songwriter, producer, and multi-instrumentalist Prince. It was first released on March 30, 1987 as a double album by Paisley Park Records and Warner Bros. Records. The album is the follow-up to Parade and is Prince's first album following his disbanding of the Revolution. The album's songs were largely recorded during 1986 to 1987 in sessions for releases Prince ultimately aborted: Dream Factory, the pseudonymous Camille, and finally the triple album Crystal Ball. Prince eventually compromised with label executives and shortened the length of the release to a double album, whose music encompasses a varied range of styles, including funk, soul, psychedelic pop, electro, and rock.", "album    entity is Prince's ninth album, released on March 31, 1987 on Paisley Park Records. This is Prince's first solo project since The Revolution unexpectedly disbanded in 1986, a few months after Parade's release. It will rise to 6 place on the Billboard 200 and its singles entity and U Got the Look will quickly be in the top five of the Hot 100.", "video game    entity is a browser-based, money-management and space-war themed massively multiplayer online browser game with over two million accounts. entity was created in 2002 and is produced and maintained by Gameforge. entity is available in multiple languages, and different nationalities have their own communities. The game does not differ between the nationality communities except in rare cases. Players are generally informed of news, rule changes, or new versions through the official forums.", "video game    entity is a space war strategy browser game with several million active accounts. entity is produced and maintained by Gameforge AG. It is presented as a free online game. entity is a puzzle and strategy game. First launched in Germany on October 3, 2002, the first universe of the French version of the game was launched on September 23, 2004.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American hip hop musician Ill Bill. It was released on September 16, 2008 by Uncle Howie Records. Featured guests on the album include Howard Jones of Killswitch Engage, Vinnie Paz of Jedi Mind Tricks, H.R. and Darryl Jenifer of Bad Brains, Max Cavalera of Soulfly, Immortal Technique, HERO, Slaine and Everlast of La Coka Nostra, B-Real of Cypress Hill, Raekwon of Wu-Tang Clan, Necro and Tech N9ne. The album was included in DJ Premier's Top 20 Albums of 2008.", "album    entity is Ill Bill's third studio album, released on September 16, 2008. Much like Necro's The Pre-Fix For Death album, entity includes samples and features from artists from the metal : .", "single    entity is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. Sierra goes by the nicknames El Caballo and El Indio. Over 20 seasons, Sierra played for the Texas Rangers , Oakland Athletics , New York Yankees , Detroit Tigers , Cincinnati Reds , Toronto Blue Jays , Chicago White Sox , Seattle Mariners and Minnesota Twins . Sierra also signed with the Cleveland Indians at the end of 1999, but was released towards the end of spring training in March 2000.", "single    entity is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He played 20 seasons from 1986 to 2006, including spending 10 years with the Texas Rangers.", "place    entity is the third studio album by American experimental rock band Mr. Bungle. It was released on July 13, 1999, through Warner Bros.", "place    entity is the third and final album by American band Mr. Bungle, released in 1999. It is generally considered their most accessible album.", "film    entity is an album series by Frank Zappa, released in two parts as entity, Vol. I in 1983 and entity, Vol. II, in 1987. They were recorded at the same sessions, in January 1983. The two albums were later combined, and re-released on a Rykodisc CD as entity Vol. I & II .", "film    entity is an experimental music album by Frank Zappa recorded in 1983 and released in 1987.", "musical artist    entity was an American alto saxophonist and very occasional tenor saxophonist and clarinetist. Active in West Coast jazz, Pepper came to prominence in Stan Kenton's big band. He was known for his emotionally charged performances and several stylistic shifts throughout his career, and was described by critic Scott Yanow as having \"attained his goal of becoming the world's great altoist\" at the time of his death.", "musical artist    entity was an American saxophonist and clarinetist.", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers from their 1985 album, Freaky Styley. It was released as the album's first single however failed to chart. A music video released around the same time of the album's release on August 16, 1985. The band couldn't get a proper music video released so manager, Lindy Goetz used different clips of live performances of the song from May 1985 to January 1986 edited together with the album version of the song playing on top. The song has not been performed live since 1989.", "album    entity is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The first single from their album Freaky Styley, the song written by singer Anthony Kiedis is about his friend Flea, the band's bassist.", "village    entity is the capital and largest city of Wales. It forms a principal area, officially known as the City and County of entity , and the city is the eleventh-largest in the United Kingdom. Located in the south-east of Wales and in the entity Capital Region, entity is the county town of the historic county of Glamorgan and in 1974\u20131996 of South Glamorgan. It belongs to the Eurocities network of the largest European cities. A small town until the early 19th century, its prominence as a port for coal when mining began in the region helped its expansion. In 1905 it was ranked as a city and in 1955 proclaimed capital of Wales. entity Built-up Area covers a larger area outside the county boundary, including", "village    entity is the capital and largest city of Wales, with approximately 324,000 inhabitants. It is located in South Wales, on the banks of the River Taf, in the historic county of Glamorgan. Since 1996 it has been governed by entity County Council. Since 1905, entity has officially had city status.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper from Dallas, Texas. He is signed to Lil Wayne's Young Money Entertainment.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper from Dallas, Texas.", "musical artist    entity is a pop/soft rock duo from Japan who debuted in August 1996 with the release of their first single called \"Feel My Heart\". Their name is usually written in English, and only rarely in katakana. They gained massive popularity in the late 1990s and early 2000s. As of 2013, entity has sold over 23 million copies of singles and albums throughout Japan. Their second studio album, Time to Destination, is the best-selling album of the band with over 3.5 million copies sold, and became the 10th best-selling album of all time in Japan.", "musical artist    entity is a J-Pop group, which started in 1996 and quickly became successful in Japan. It consists of vocalist Kaori Mochida, guitarist Ichir\u014d It\u014d, and keyboardist and songwriter Mitsuru Igarashi.", "musical artist    entity is a Welsh DJ and record producer. He is best known for his live events and electronic music as a solo artist, as well as his collaborations with British DJ John Digweed as Sasha & John Digweed. He was voted as World No.\u2060\u200a\u20601 DJ in 2000 in a poll conducted by DJ Magazine. He is a four-time International Dance Music Awards winner, four-time DJ Awards winner and Grammy Award nominee.", "musical artist    entity is a Welsh disc jockey and music producer. Elected world's best DJ in 2000 by DJ Magazine, he notably worked with John Digweed.", "album    entity is an American deathcore band from Florence, South Carolina, formed in 2003. They have released four full-length albums, one EP, and one split album with The Knife Trade.", "album    entity is an American metal band that started out playing deathcore before evolving over the albums towards a more traditional death metal.", "album    entity is the second album by the American psychedelic rock band Vanilla Fudge, released in early 1968. The album doesn't contain any actual \"songs\", but rather a sound collage featuring many different elements: the voices of world leaders past and present, the band reciting pre-written mantras and reflections, and excerpts of songs by The Beatles and Sonny Bono.", "album    entity is Vanilla Fudge's second album, released in early 1968. This experimental album is above all the fruit of the work of the group's producer, Shadow Morton; the members of Vanilla Fudge themselves consider it a failed experiment. Structured around the Sonny & Cher hit entity, it contains covers of compositions by Mozart and Beethoven, but also the Beatles, as well as collages and excerpts from interviews with the members of the group.", "album    entity is the eighth solo studio album by Welsh musician John Cale, released in September 1982 by ZE Records and Island Records. With the suggestion from ZE Records owner Michael Zilkha, Cale performed the album mostly improvised live at Sky Line Studios in New York City.", "album    entity is the eighth solo studio album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist and producer John Cale, and the first recorded for ZE Records.", "village    entity is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in the Brittany region.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 12 June 2011 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was the seventh race of the 2011 Formula One World Championship and the 48th Canadian Grand Prix. McLaren driver Jenson Button won the 70-lap race starting from seventh position. Sebastian Vettel, who started from pole position, finished second in a Red Bull Racing with teammate Mark Webber finishing third. The Grand Prix holds the record of the longest race duration, at four hours, four minutes, including a red flag period.", "formula one team    entity is the 846th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950, the seventh round of the 2011 championship and the forty-and- first edition of the event counting for the world championship. The race was marked by extreme weather conditions which led to its interruption for more than two hours, as well as six interventions by the safety car.", "village    entity is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Aube in the Champagne-Ardenne region.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn, within Pozna\u8245 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.", "village    entity is a village in the gmina of Kostrzyn in Pozna\u0144 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.", "comics creator    entity is widely regarded as his masterpiece. In a book about his Catholic contemporary Jean de La Cepp\u00e8de, English poet Keith Bosley has called d'Aubign\u00e9, \"the epic poet of the Protestant cause,\" during the French Wars of Religion. Bosley added, however, that after d'Aubign\u00e9's death, he, \"was forgotten until the Romantics rediscovered him.\"", "comics creator    entity was a man of war, a controversial writer and French Baroque poet.", "soccer player    entity is an Ivorian retired professional footballer who played as a striker. He is the all-time top scorer and former captain of the Ivory Coast national team. He is best known for his career at Chelsea, for whom he has scored more goals than any other foreign player and is currently the club's fourth highest goal scorer of all time. Drogba was named in the Chelsea team of the 2010\u20132020 decade by Chelsea's fans. He was named African Footballer of the Year twice, winning the accolade in 2006 and 2009.", "soccer player    entity is an Ivorian international footballer. Drogba began his career in France, at Le Mans Union Club 72. He discovered Ligue 1 with En Avant de Guingamp, then played his first European matches under the colors of Olympique de Marseille. The striker transferred to Chelsea FC in 2004 and notably won the 2011-2012 edition of the Champions League with the British club.", "architect    entity is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Prague, Czech Republic, whose naming rights are currently leased to Czech betting company Tipsport. The arena, located on the fairgrounds in the neighbourhood of Hole\u0161ovice, opened in 1962 as Sportovn\u00ed hala and has a capacity of 13,150 for ice hockey games. Until 2015, it was the home arena of Czech Extraliga team HC Sparta Praha and between 2012 and 2014 KHL's team HC Lev Praha.", "architect    entity is a multipurpose hall built in 1962 in the city of Prague in the Czech Republic. The hall is sponsored by Tipsport.", "painter    entity was a French botanist, zoologist and painter. de Garsault was born on 16 April 1691 in Aix-en-Provence, France and died 3 August 1778 in Paris, France. de Garsault was a member of the French Academy of Sciences.", "painter    entity was a French hippiatrist, zoologist, botanist and draftsman. He was notably a member of the Academy of Sciences.", "screen writer    entity is a British actor. Beginning his career on stage, he made his film debut as Philip II of France in the 1968 historical drama The Lion in Winter. He gained international prominence as the fourth actor to portray fictional secret agent James Bond in the Eon Productions film series, where he starred in The Living Daylights and Licence to Kill . Dalton has also appeared in the films Flash Gordon , The Rocketeer , Looney Tunes: Back in Action , Hot Fuzz , and The Tourist .", "screen writer    entity is a British actor born March 21, 1946 in Colwyn Bay, Wales. He is best known for playing James Bond twice in the 80s.", "record label    entity is a British independent record label founded in 1989 by Tim Palmer and Nick Halkes. It is run and co-owned by Richard Russell since 1996. It forms part of the Beggars Group. Although only releasing an average of six albums a year, XL has worked with Adele, Arca, Azealia Banks, Beck, Dizzee Rascal, Electric Six, FKA Twigs, Giggs, Gil Scott-Heron, Gotan Project, The Horrors, Yaeji, Jai Paul, Jungle, King Krule, Lemon Jelly, M.I.A., Nines, Peaches, The Prodigy, Radiohead, Sampha, SBTRKT, Sigur R\u00f3s, Tyler, the Creator, Vampire Weekend, The White Stripes, and The xx. The label releases albums worldwide and operates across a range of genres.", "record label    entity is an independent music label that has produced: Adele Atoms for Peace The Avalanches Badly Drawn Boy Basement Jaxx Be Your Own Pet Beck Blue States Bobby Womack Cajun Dance Party Capitol K Devendra Banhart Dizzee Rascal Friendly Fires Gorillaz Jack White Jungle Leila MIA Moby The Prodigy The Raconteurs Radiohead Ratatat RJD2 Sigur R\u00f3s The Horrors The White Stripes Titus Andronicus To My Boy Tyler, the Creator Vampire Weekend The xx Weezer Wiley", "football match    entity is a German former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League for the Philadelphia Flyers, Phoenix Coyotes, Carolina Hurricanes, Florida Panthers, New York Islanders, and Boston Bruins, with whom he won the Stanley Cup in 2011. His younger brother Yannic plays for EHC Red Bull M\u00fcnchen in the DEL.", "football match    entity is a German professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "video game    entity is a professional wrestling video game released for the GameCube by THQ. It is the sequel to WWE Day of Reckoning. The soundtrack features music by industrial metal group A Dark Halo, who performed two songs in the game including its theme song \"Burn It All\".", "video game    entity is a professional wrestling video game released in 2005 for the Nintendo GameCube console by THQ. Sequel to WWE Day of Reckoning, the game offers more developed graphics than its predecessor and thus offers several new features and accessibility. entity is the newest GameCube game and WWE's first to feature The Rock and Stone Cold as legends.", "video game    entity is an action role-playing game released for the Nintendo DS in Japan and the PlayStation Vita worldwide. It is the eleventh main entry in the Tales series, developed by Namco Tales Studio and published by Bandai Namco Games. The Japan-exclusive DS version received two editions: the \"Anime Edition,\" featuring cutscenes by Production I.G, and the \"CG Movie Edition,\" featuring CGI cutscenes created by Shirogumi. A remake of the game, entity R , was released on the Vita in March 2013 and later released in western regions in November 2014. Hearts R was also ported to iOS and released in Japan in October 2013 although it was pulled from the App Store on March 31, 2016, and therefore n", "video game    entity is a role-playing video game developed by Namco Tales Studio and published by Bandai Namco Games. It was released for Nintendo DS on December 18, 2008 in Japan. It is part of the Tales of series. This game was released in two different versions that differ only in the nature of their cutscenes.", "vice president    entity was the founder of the Parker Ranch on the island of Hawai\u02bbi in Hawaii. In 2008, he was inducted into the Hall of Great Westerners of the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum.", "vice president    entity is the founder of the Parker ranch on the island of Hawaii. is the son of Samuel Parker and Ann Palmer Parker. He arrived on the island in 1809 after jumping from a boat and gradually befriended King Kamehameha I.", "album    entity is the 7th single of Japanese girl group Kalafina. The title track is the opening theme to the anime series Sound of the Sky .", "album    entity is the 7th single by Kalafina released under the Sony Music Entertainment Japan label on January 20, 2010 in Japan. It reached #7 in the Oricon chart. It sold 10,514 copies in the first week, and remained ranked for 11 weeks for a total of 20,281 copies sold. It is Kalafina's 3rd best-selling single to date. It is released in CD and CD+DVD format. entity was used as the opening credits for the anime The Sound of Music.", "film    entity is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Marjorie Reynolds, Dennis O'Keefe and Gail Patrick. It is based on the 1919 play by Wilson Collison and Otto A. Harbach. The film's composer, Edward Paul, was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score in 1945. The film is a remake of a 1926 silent film of the same name, starring Marie Prevost.", "film    entity is a 1944 American film directed by Allan Dwan.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman. While he played the majority of his AHL career with the Hershey Bears, he last played with the Abbotsford Heat of the American Hockey League . He played 13 games in the National Hockey League with the Edmonton Oilers.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a song by Trinidadian-American rapper and singer Nicki Minaj, from her third studio album, The Pinkprint . It was released on October 28, 2014 by Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records and Republic Records as the third single from the album. It features additional rap vocals from hip hop artists Drake and Lil Wayne, and also features Chris Brown who sings the chorus of the song. The artists co-wrote the song with its producers, Dr. Luke, Cirkut, and JMIKE, with production assistance from HBM and Rock City. entity is a hip-hop song that contains an \"icy\" production that sits \"ominously\" underneath dirty lyrical metaphors.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Nicki Minaj, in collaboration with American singer Chris Brown, Canadian singer Drake and American rapper Lil Wayne. It was released on October 28, 2014 as the third single from the rapper's third studio album, The Pinkprint. Nazi\u201d.", "village    entity is a municipality in the Jura bernois administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is located in the French-speaking Bernese Jura .", "village    entity is a Swiss municipality in the canton of Bern, located in the north-east of the Jura massif, in the administrative district of the Bernese Jura.", "comics creator    entity is the second novel in the Inheritance Cycle by Christopher Paolini and the sequel to Eragon. entity was first published in hardcover on August 23, 2005, and was released in paperback in September 2006. entity has been released in an audiobook format, and as an ebook. Like Eragon, entity became a New York Times bestseller. A deluxe edition of entity was released on September 26, 2006, including new information and art by both the illustrator and the author. Other editions of entity are translated into different languages.", "comics creator    entity is an American fantasy novel, the second volume of the L'H\u00e9ritage cycle written by Christopher Paolini, published in France by Bayard Jeunesse. The character on the cover of the book is Thorn, Murtagh's dragon.", "basketball team    entity is a Finnish retired ice hockey and ringette player who competed with the Finland women's national ice hockey team and the Finland national ringette team.", "basketball team    entity is an ice hockey and ringette goaltender. Vanhatalo excels in its 2 sports disciplines.", "album    entity is a single by the British band The Cure which was released on 13 May 2008 on Geffen Records in the United Kingdom. The single was released in the United States on 20 May 2008. It is the first single to be released by The Cure in over three and a half years \u2014 their last single being 2004's \"Taking Off\" / \"alt.end\". It is also the first single from the 2008 album, 4:13 Dream. The single was produced by Robert Smith and Keith Uddin. The song debuted live on 7 October 2007 in Mountain View, California at a festival and was also played in Mexico City the next week. During that time, the song was known as \"Please Project\". It was not until early on in the European tour in early 2008 was entity established as the title.", "album    entity is a song by British band The Cure released as a single on May 13, 2008 with a NY Trip B-side . NY Trip does not appear on the album. The band had been playing the song since October 2007 under the title Please Project. The single topped the charts in Spain, a first for the band.", "skyscraper    entity is a major business district located three kilometres west of the city limits of Paris. It is part of the Paris metropolitan area in the \u00cele-de-France region, located in the department of Hauts-de-Seine in the communes of Courbevoie, La Garenne-Colombes, Nanterre, and Puteaux.", "skyscraper    entity is the leading European business district in terms of the size of its office park.", "writer    entity is widely considered one of the most important poems of the Middle Ages and the greatest literary work in the Italian language.", "writer    entity is a Florentine poet, writer and politician born between mid-May and mid-June 1265 in Florence and died on September 14, 1321 in Ravenna. \"Father of the Italian language\", he is, with Petrarch and Boccaccio, one of the \"three crowns\" which imposed Tuscan as a literary language. A major poet of the Middle Ages, he is the author of the Divine Comedy, often considered the greatest work written in this idiom and one of the works of world literature.", "village    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, south-east Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Opoczno, which lies 72 kilometres south-east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The only other town in the county is Drzewica, lying 15 km north-east of Opoczno.", "village    entity is a county belonging to the \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship in south -central Poland.", "album    entity is Japanese idol group AKB48's second single, released independently through AKS on June 7, 2006. The song was sung by 7 members of AKB48 Team A, Tomomi Itano, Haruna Kojima, Atsuko Maeda, Rina Nakanishi, , Mai Oshima, and Minami Takahashi, and other members of Team A were back dancers. The center of the song is Minami Takahashi and Atsuko Maeda.", "album    entity is the second \"independent\" single from Japanese idol group AKB48, released in Japan on June 7, 2006 under the AKS label.", "village    entity is a town in the district of Oberwart in the Austrian state of Burgenland.", "village    entity is a municipality in the district of Oberwart in Burgenland, Austria.", "military person    entity was a military officer and politician in the Central African Republic. Born in Carnot, Ubangi-Shari, Banza served with the French Army during the First Indochina War before joining the Central African Republic armed forces. As commander of the Camp Kassa\u00ef military base in 1965, Banza helped Jean-B\u00e9del Bokassa overthrow the government of President David Dacko. Bokassa rewarded Banza by appointing him as minister of state and minister of finance in the new government. Banza quickly established the new regime's reputation abroad and forged diplomatic relations with other countries. In 1967, Bokassa and his prot\u00e9g\u00e9 had a major argument over the president's extravagances. In April 1968, Bokassa removed Banza as minister of fin", "military person    entity is a Central African soldier and politician. Born in Carnot, he served in the French army during the Indochina War before joining the Central African armed forces. As commander of the Camp Kassai military base in 1965, he helped Jean-Bedel Bokassa overthrow the government of President David Dacko in the New Year's Eve coup.", "military conflict    entity is an EP by German thrash metal band Destruction. The period without Schmier is often called \"Neo-Destruction\". They released three albums with Thomas Rosenmerkel on vocals: Destruction, entity and The Least Successful Human Cannonball, although these albums aren't part of the official discography.", "military conflict    entity is the fourth EP from German thrash metal band Destruction. The album was released in 1995 as a self-production. This EP is the second of a series of three productions from the period that the band's fans have called the Neo Destruction period, because this period does not include the singer of the original formation in its ranks.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin. It was released as a double album on 24 February 1975 by the group's new record label, Swan Song Records. The band wrote and recorded eight new songs for the album in early 1974 at Headley Grange, a country house in Hampshire, which gave them ample time to improvise arrangements and experiment with recording. The total playing time covered just under three sides of an LP, so they decided to expand it into a double by including previously unreleased tracks from the sessions for the earlier albums Led Zeppelin III, Led Zeppelin IV and Houses of the Holy. The album covered a range of styles including hard rock, progressive rock, rock 'n' roll and folk. The album was then mixed over summer 1974 and planned for a", "album    entity is the first track on Physical Graffiti, the sixth album by British rock band Led Zeppelin, released in 1975. The powerful riff on this song pays homage to blues songs from the Robert Johnson era, especially Drop Down Mississippi Fred McDowell's Mama, Blind Boy Fuller's I Want Some Of Your Pie and Brownie McGhee's entity Blues.", "grand prix    entity was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the fifth edition of the tournament, and part of the 2013 ATP World Tour. It took place in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia between 23 and 29 September 2013.", "grand prix    The 2013 edition of the Malaysian Men's Professional Tennis Tournament takes place from September 23 to 29, 2013.", "military conflict    entity was an armed conflict that pitted several bands of the Nez Perce tribe of Native Americans and their allies, a small band of the Palouse tribe led by Red Echo and Bald Head , against the United States Army. The conflict, fought between June and October 1877, stemmed from the refusal of several bands of the Nez Perce, dubbed \"non-treaty Indians,\" to give up their ancestral lands in the Pacific Northwest and move to an Indian reservation in Idaho. This forced removal was in violation of the 1855 Treaty of Walla Walla, which granted the tribe 7.5 million acres of their ancestral lands and the right to hunt and fish on lands ceded to the U.S. government.", "military conflict    entity is an episode of the Indian Wars opposing several groups of Nez-Perc\u00e9 to the troops of the United States Army during the summer of 1877.", "album    entity is the debut album by Flobots originally released in October 2007 and re-released on May 20, 2008. The album was recorded in 2007 around the band's home state of Colorado. entity received a mildly positive reception from critics who praised the production and serious subject matter. The album features the single \"Handlebars\" which became a popular hit on Modern Rock radio the following April, also becoming a popular hit in the UK , New Zealand and Canada . The album also features the single \"Rise\" which also became a popular hit on Modern Rock radio after its release. In the week of June 7, 2008, the album jumped on the Billboard 200 chart 168 places and peaked at number 15, selling over 265,000 copies. The album also peaked at number 52 on the UK", "album    entity is the Flobots' third studio album, released on October 16, 2007. The album charted at #7 on the Top Heatseekers, #8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and #15 on the Billboard 200.", "film    entity is a 1943 film directed by Michael Curtiz, based on the 1941 book by the former U.S. ambassador to the Soviet Union, Joseph E. Davies. The movie chronicles the experiences of the second American ambassador to the Soviet Union and was made in response to a request by Franklin D. Roosevelt. It was made during World War II, when the Americans and Soviets were allies, and takes an extremely solicitous view of not only the USSR in general but of Stalinism and Stalinist repressions in particular. For that reason, it was scrutinized by the House Committee on Un-American Activities.", "film    entity is an American film by Michael Curtiz, released in 1943. Based on the book of the same name by Ambassador Joseph E. Davies, this film is an example of American pro-Soviet propaganda at the start of World War II and was never not a commercial success. Historical strangeness, it illustrates a period of short-lived pro-Soviet fever.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in Southeast Asia. It is the largest country in Mainland Southeast Asia, and has a population of about 54 million as of 2017. Myanmar is bordered by Bangladesh and India to its northwest, China to its northeast, Laos and Thailand to its east and southeast, and the Andaman Sea and the Bay of Bengal to its south and southwest. The country's capital city is Naypyidaw, and its largest city is Yangon .", "governmental administrative region    myanmar", "village    entity is a department in central France named after the river entity. After Loz\u00e8re, it was the Second least populated Department in France.", "village    entity is a French department, located in the Limousin region. It takes its name from the Creuse river. Insee and the Post Office give it the code 23. Its prefecture \u2014 which is also its largest city \u2014 is Gu\u00e9ret. It has only one sub-prefecture: Aubusson.La Creuse is located in the Massif Central.", "album    entity is a song written by Morgane Hayes , Kelley Lovelace and Ashley Gorley, and recorded by American country music artist Carrie Underwood. It was released in March 2006 as the fourth single from Underwood's debut album, Some Hearts. It is also her second release to country radio. The song peaked at number two on the Billboard country charts in early 2006, and number 49 on the Billboard Hot 100. It has sold 403,000 copies.", "album    entity is the fourth single from American country music singer Carrie Underwood's debut album Some Hearts. Country music portal Country music portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "vice president    entity is a university professor at Syracuse University Maxwell School, former chairman of Airbus Group, Inc., former Secretary of the Navy, former Administrator of NASA, and former chancellor of Louisiana State University . He is a former member of the board of directors of DuPont.", "vice president    entity is a director who has held various positions in the American aeronautical industry. In 1992-1993, he was Secretary of the Navy of the United States. From December 2001 to February 2005, he was a NASA administrator. His time in this post was marked by the success of the Mars Exploration Rover mission and the explosion of the space shuttle Columbia.", "vice president    entity is an Italian automobile manufacturer, formerly part of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, and since 2021 a subsidiary of Stellantis through Italian factory FCA Italy. Fiat Automobiles was formed in January 2007 when Fiat S.p.A. reorganized its automobile business, and traces its history back to 1899 when the first Fiat automobile, the Fiat 4 HP, was produced.", "vice president    entity is an Italian automobile manufacturer, based at Lingotto in Turin. FIAT was created on July 11, 1899 at the Palazzo Bricherasio by 30 shareholders, including a certain Giovanni Agnelli. The manufacturer multiplied its production by 8 in five years during the magic years of the Italian automobile, becoming in itself the symbol of the \u201cItalian economic miracle\u201d.", "soccer manager    entity was a Soviet and Kazakh professional ice hockey player. Boris Alexandrov competed for Torpedo Ust-Kamenogorsk in 1972-1973 and in 1982-1996, and for CSKA Moscow from 1973 to 1978. He became USSR Champion in 1975, 1977 and 1978.", "soccer manager    entity is a Soviet then Kazakh professional ice hockey player who became a coach. He played as a right winger. He died in a car accident on July 31, 2002. He is the father of Viktor Aleksandrov.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Mi\u0144sk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Stanis\u0142aw\u00f3w, which lies approximately 12 kilometres north of Mi\u0144sk Mazowiecki and 39 km east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 106.01 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 6,240 .", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Mi\u0144sk County , Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. Its administrative seat is the village of entity , which is located about 12 kilometers north of Mi\u0144sk Mazowiecki and 39 kilometers east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b106.01 km 2 for a population of 6,240 inhabitants in 2006.", "comics creator    entity was a prolific British mathematician who worked mostly on algebra. He helped found the modern British school of pure mathematics. As a child, Cayley enjoyed solving complex maths problems for amusement. He entered Trinity College, Cambridge, where he excelled in Greek, French, German, and Italian, as well as mathematics. He worked as a lawyer for 14 years.", "comics creator    entity is a British mathematician. He is one of the founders of the modern British school of pure mathematics.", "village    entity is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dordogne, in the Aquitaine region.", "screen writer    entity is an English actor, producer and musician. He is known for roles including Stringer Bell in the HBO series The Wire, DCI John Luther in the BBC One series Luther, and Nelson Mandela in the biographical film Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom . He has been nominated four times for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor \u2013 Miniseries or Television Film, winning one, and has been nominated five times for a Primetime Emmy Award.", "screen writer    entity is a British actor and producer. He is best known for portraying drug lord and businessman Stringer Bell in the American HBO series The Wire and Inspector John Luther in Luther, a British detective series broadcast on the BBC.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the capital and the largest city of Belarus, located on the Svislach and the now subterranean Niamiha rivers. As the capital, entity has a special administrative status in Belarus and is the administrative centre of entity Region and entity District . As of January 2021, its population was 2,009,786, , making entity the 11th most populous city in Europe. entity is the administrative capital of the Commonwealth of Independent States and seat of its Executive Secretary.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the capital of the Republic of Belarus. Its population was 1,907,700 in 2013.", "video game    entity is a combat flight simulator video game by Microsoft released in October 2000 for the Microsoft Windows. It is the sequel to Microsoft Combat Flight Simulator. The game takes place in the Pacific War and includes campaigns loosely based on historic air battles, from the American and Japanese perspective. A sequel, Combat Flight Simulator 3: Battle for Europe, was released in 2002.", "video game    entity is a combat flight simulator developed and published by Microsoft in 2000 under Windows. This is the second part of the series of games started in 1998.", "soccer manager    entity is a former American football running back who played in the National Football League for 10 seasons with the Detroit Lions. A Pro Bowl invitee in each of his ten NFL seasons and two-time NFL Offensive Player of the Year, Sanders led the league in rushing yards four times and established himself as one of the most elusive runners in pro football with his quickness and agility. In 2007, he was ranked by NFL Network's NFL Top 10 series as the most elusive runner in NFL history, and was also voted the greatest short player of all time as well as being placed #1 on the list of the greatest players never to play in a Super Bowl. He is regarded as one of the greatest running backs in NFL history, and is often regarded as the greatest running back of the m", "soccer manager    entity is a former professional American football player who played as a running back. He is considered one of the most electrifying running backs to ever step onto the NFL courts. A short runner, his ability to change direction on one step has still not had an equivalent. He could make the best defensemen in the American League look like \"juniors\".", "album    entity is an extreme subgenre of heavy metal music that typically uses slower tempos, low-tuned guitars and a much \"thicker\" or \"heavier\" sound than other heavy metal genres. Both the music and the lyrics intend to evoke a sense of despair, dread, and impending doom. The genre is strongly influenced by the early work of Black Sabbath, who formed a prototype for doom metal. During the first half of the 1980s, a number of bands such as Witchfinder General from England, American bands Pentagram, Saint Vitus, the Obsessed, Trouble, and Cirith Ungol, and Swedish band Candlemass defined doom metal as a distinct genre.", "album    entity is a musical genre strongly influenced by the early songs of Black Sabbath, the latter having launched the beginnings of doom metal with songs such as Black Sabbath, Electric Funeral and Into the Void during the first half of the 1980s. and a number of bands that appeared in England, the United States and Sweden helped define doom metal. At a time when thrash metal dominated the underground metal scene, doom metal stood out p", "cricketer    entity is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back or defensive midfielder for Serie B club Monza.", "cricketer    entity is an Italian footballer playing as a midfielder in the Juventus FC club.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Topola, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 417 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Topola, district of \u0160umadija. At the 2011 census, it had 335 inhabitants.", "album    entity is the first studio album by American progressive metal band Queensr\u00ffche, released on September 7, 1984, and reissued on May 6, 2003, with three bonus tracks. In 2019, Metal Hammer ranked it as the 13th best power metal album of all time.", "album    entity is Queensr\u00ffche's second album, released in 1984.", "comics creator    entity is a Japanese light novel series written by K-Ske Hasegawa, with illustrations by Nanakusa. The series includes twelve novels released between June 10, 2003 and April 10, 2009, published by ASCII Media Works under their Dengeki Bunko imprint. The novels were licensed by Seven Seas Entertainment for release in English with the first novel released in March 2008. The series revolves around Momo, a shinigami, and her familiar Daniel, a talking black cat, as they interfere with the world of the living.", "comics creator    entity is a set of several Japanese short stories adapted into an anime series consisting of 6 episodes broadcast since March 2, 2006 on WOWOW.", "village    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 330 inhabitants.", "screen writer    entity is a French music video director, graphic designer and singer-songwriter. His most notable works include his music video direction for Katy Perry's \"Teenage Dream\", Taylor Swift's \"Back to December\", Lana Del Rey's \"Born to Die\" and Harry Styles's \"Sign of the Times\".", "screen writer    entity is a French director, musician and graphic designer. Katy Perry, Back to December by Taylor Swift, Is it necessary, is it not? by Nolwenn Leroy, Dreaming of Another World by the Mystery Jets, Born to Die by Lana Del Rey and Take Care by Drake, or music videos for The Shoes, Yelle, Moby, and Rihanna.", "film    entity is a 1917 Swedish drama directed by Victor Sj\u00f6str\u00f6m, based on a poem of the same title by Henrik Ibsen. With a budget of SEK 60,000, it was the most expensive Swedish film made up to that point, marking a new direction in Swedish cinema with more funding to fewer films, resulting in more total quality. This film is considered to be the start of the golden age of Swedish silent film that would end after G\u00f6sta Berlings saga in 1925, although films such as Ingeborg Holm are often assigned to this era as well.", "film    entity is a silent Swedish film by Victor Sj\u00f6str\u00f6m released in 1917. It is inspired by a homonymous epic poem written by Henrik Ibsen and published in 1862.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Sierpc, which lies 117 kilometres north-west of Warsaw. The county covers an area of 852.89 square kilometres . As of 2019 its total population is 52,077, out of which the population of Sierpc is 17,994, and the rural population is 34,083.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a county belonging to the Mazovia Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "musical artist    entity is an American record producer, songwriter, keyboardist, vocalist, and multi-instrumentalist. He collaborated with rapper and producer Kanye West on the albums 808s & Heartbreak, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, Watch the Throne, and Donda. He has won Grammy Awards for the songs \"Run This Town\" by Jay-Z, \"All of the Lights\" by Kanye West, \"We Are Young\" by Fun., and \"Uptown Funk\" by Mark Ronson. Bhasker received the 2016 Grammy Award for Producer of the Year, Non-Classical for co-producing Mark Ronson's album Uptown Special and producing Nate Ruess's album Grand Romantic.", "musical artist    entity is an American producer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist vocalist. He was born in Socorro, New Mexico.", "grand prix    entity was an Asian multi-sport event held in Doha, Qatar from December 1 to 15, 2006, with 424 events in 39 sports featured in the games. Doha was the first city in its region and only the second in West Asia to host the games.", "grand prix    entity is the Aspire Zone.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith, and the final studio album released during his lifetime. It was recorded from 1998 to 2000 at numerous studios and released on April 18, 2000, through DreamWorks Records. Preceded by the singles \"Happiness\" and \"Son of Sam\", entity was Smith's second release on a major label.", "album    entity is the fifth album by singer-songwriter Elliott Smith, released in 2000 on the DreamWorks label. First titled Place Pigalle after the singer's stay in Paris - where he composed the song of the same name - The name of the album mainly refers to the skating figure known as \"figure eight\", where the skater traces an 8 with his skates.", "video game    entity is a futuristic sports game created by Lucasfilm Games and published in 1985 by Epyx. Along with Rescue on Fractalus!, it was one of the initial pair of releases from Lucasfilm Games, entity was developed and first published for the Atari 8-bit family. The principal creator and programmer was David Levine. The game was called Ballblaster during development; some pirated versions bear this name.", "video game    entity is an action and sports video game developed by Lucasfilm Games. Initially released on the Atari 5200 and Atari 8-bit in March 1984, the game was later released on Amstrad CPC, Apple II, Commodore 64, TRS-80, MSX, NES and ZX Spectrum. In the game, two teams, controlled by players or by artificial intelligence, compete in a sport similar to basketball or football. The objective is to send a floating ball into the opposing goal.", "village    entity is a mountain in the Allg\u00e4u Alps of Bavaria, Germany.", "village    entity is a mountain culminating at 2,376 m above sea level in the Allg\u00e4u Alps. It is part of the set of grassy slopes dominated by the Rauheck. Together with the Kegelkopf, it separates the Dietersbachtal in Germany and the Traufbachtal in Austria. The path between the Kemptner H\u00fctte and the Prinz-Luitpold-Haus passes through the Kreuzeck.", "album    entity is a 1971 song written by Bob Dylan. It was first released by The Band, who recorded the song for their album Cahoots which was released on September 15, 1971.", "album    entity is a song by Bob Dylan. Recorded in March 1971, it appeared in November of the same year on Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. 2.", "film    entity is a 1986 Canadian docudrama film produced and directed by Bashar Shbib. The film is about the tenants of a dilapidated apartment building in Montreal who receive an eviction notice and have to deal with the possibility of being homeless. The cast includes Roland Smith, Claire Nadon, Kennon Raines, Pierre Curzi, Piotr Lysak and Jean-Claude Gingras. It was criticized for its lack of a proper plot or purpose. It was first released on 26 August 1968 at the World Film Festival in Montreal.", "film    entity is a Canadian film directed by Bashar Shbib, released in 1986. This fictional feature film, shot in January 1986, depicts tenants of a decrepit apartment who face eviction.", "album    entity is the eleventh studio album by the English rock band Pink Floyd, released on 30 November 1979 by Harvest and Columbia Records. It is a rock opera that explores Pink, a jaded rock star whose eventual self-imposed isolation from society forms a figurative wall. The album was a commercial success, topping the US charts for 15 weeks and reaching number three in the UK. It initially received mixed reviews from critics, many of whom found it overblown and pretentious, but later received accolades as one of the greatest albums of all time and one of the band's finest works.", "album    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It appears on the album The Wall released in 1979, and, like most of the songs on the album, was written by Roger Waters. The song has been covered by Mushroomhead, among others.", "film    entity is a 2002 French comedy film written and directed by Catherine Breillat. It revolves around a director and her troubles filming an intimate sex scene between two actors who cannot tolerate each other. Based on Breillat's experiences directing her 2001 film Fat Girl, the climax of the film features a recreation of a scene from that movie, shot from the point of view of the crew, with Roxane Mesquida essentially reprising her role from the first film.", "film    entity is a French film directed by Catherine Breillat, released in 2002.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album recorded by Cuban-American rapper Pitbull. It was released on November 16, 2012 through Mr. 305, Polo Grounds and RCA Records. A teaser for the release was first released onto Pitbull's official Facebook and YouTube channel on September 17, 2012. The production on the album was handled by multiple producers including Afrojack, Sir Nolan, DJ Buddha, Adam Messinger and Nasri. The album also features guest appearances by Christina Aguilera, Usher, Kesha, Chris Brown, Enrique Iglesias, Jennifer Lopez and Shakira among others.", "album    entity is Pitbull's seventh studio album, released on November 16, 2012. The album ranked #1 on Top Rap Albums, #11 on Top Digital Albums, and #14 on the Billboard 200. It was re-released in 2013, with five additional tracks, under the title entity: Meltdown.", "university    entity is an Italian public research university located in Florence, Italy. It comprises 12 schools and has about 60,000 students enrolled.", "university    entity is an Italian university, based in Florence, one of the oldest and most prestigious Italian universities. It includes 12 faculties, more than 60,000 students, both foreign and Italian, with poles and teaching centers in several towns in Tuscany such as Prato, Empoli, Pistoia, Sesto Fiorentino, San Casciano in Val di Pesa, Vinci, Calenzano, Figline Valdarno and San Giovanni Valdarno.", "screen writer    entity is a Thai film director, film producer and screenwriter. His films include Ong-Bak: Muay Thai Warrior and Tom-Yum-Goong, both martial arts films starring Tony Jaa.", "screen writer    entity is a Thai film director, screenwriter and producer.", "album    entity is a hip hop song by 2Pac featuring Dr. Dre and Roger Troutman. The song was released as 2Pac's comeback single after his release from prison in 1995 and was his first single as the newest artist of Death Row Records. This is one of 2Pac's most widely known and most successful singles, reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks and also topping the charts of Italy, New Zealand, and Sweden. The song was nominated for a posthumous Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group in 1997.", "album    entity is a song by rapper 2Pac featuring Dr. Dre and Roger Troutman. The single marks 2Pac's comeback after his release from prison in 1995. A remixed version of the song appears on his double album All Eyez on Me. number one on the Billboard Hot 100 for two weeks.", "album    entity is a song written and performed by the Charlie Daniels Band and released on their 1979 album Million Mile Reflections. The song is written in the key of D minor. Vassar Clements originally wrote the basic melody an octave lower, in a tune called \"Lonesome Fiddle Blues\" released on Clements' self-titled 1975 album on which Charlie Daniels played guitar. The Charlie Daniels Band moved it up an octave and put words to it. The song's verses are closer to being spoken rather than sung , and tell the story of a young man named Johnny, in a variant on the classic deal with the Devil. The performances of the Devil and Johnny are played as instrumental bridges. The song was the band's biggest hit, reaching number three on the Billboard Hot 100, pre", "album    entity is a song written and performed by Charlie Daniels Band and released in 1979 on their album Million Mile Reflections. The song is composed in D minor. Vassar Clements had originally composed the melody an octave lower, for \"Lonesome Fiddle Blues\". The Charlie Daniels Band bumped it up an octave and added lyrics.", "album    entity is the second studio album by English extreme metal band Cradle of Filth. It was released on August 28th 1996 and is their first release on the label Music for Nations.", "album    entity is Cradle of Filth's second studio album under the Music For Nations label. Initially scheduled to be released in 1995 by Cacophonous record, the first version of the album was remixed in January and February 96 to be released in the wake of V-empire in 1996.", "musical artist    entity is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and multi-instrumentalist credited with the creation of the new jack swing genre. Riley credits Barry Michael Cooper with giving the genre its name.", "musical artist    entity is a hip-hop and R&B singer and producer.", "musical artist    entity is a Barbadian-American DJ and rapper. He is considered to be one of the pioneers of hip hop DJing, cutting, scratching and mixing. Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2007, becoming the first hip hop act to be honored. In 2019 he won the Polar Music Prize.", "musical artist    entity is an American musician and DJ. He is considered one of the pioneers of rap, hip-hop, scratch and remix. He is the inventor of certain techniques such as cutting. Of great inventiveness, he is particularly renowned for scratching with his feet and toes.", "vice president    entity is the public transit provider for Abidjan, Ivory Coast and its suburbs. It is the first urban transport company organized in West Africa. SOTRA is a company that manages transit through its bus and water bus fleet. This company was created on December 16, 1960, to manage all modes of surface transportation, which were previously provided by private interests. Its status is that of a .", "vice president    entity is an Ivorian transport company, the first organized urban transport company in West Africa SOTRA is a company that manages urban transport in Abidjan and its inner suburbs via its lines of bus and water bus. This company was created on June 16, 1960, in order to manage all the means of surface transport, which were previously provided by private companies.", "film    entity is a 1955 romantic drama film directed by Lewis Milestone and written by Milestone and Louis Stevens, based on the novel La Vedova by Susan York. The film had a theatrical release in Italy in 1955, limited release in the United States in 1957, and was released in France on 4 June 1959 under the title La Veuve. This was the last Milestone film involving his own writing.", "film    entity is an Italian film directed by Lewis Milestone, released in 1955.", "film    entity is a 1986 American musical satirical comedy film directed by David Byrne, who stars alongside John Goodman, Swoosie Kurtz, and Spalding Gray. The majority of the film's music is supplied by Talking Heads. A soundtrack album, titled Sounds from True Stories, featured songs by Byrne, Talking Heads, Terry Allen & The Panhandle Mystery Band, and others. Around the same time, Talking Heads released an album titled True Stories, composed of studio recordings of songs featured in the film.", "film    entity is an American film directed by David Byrne, released in 1986. It is a musical film made in an offbeat documentary style with a soundtrack by Talking Heads.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by the American rock band Blondie. It was released in November 1980 and reached No.\u20093 in the UK charts, No.\u20097 in the US, and No.\u20098 in Australia.", "album    entity is Blondie's fifth studio album. It was released in November 1980 and reached number 3 in the UK charts, and number seven in the US on December 13, 1980. The album was a sea change for the band, with the opening title Europa. The title is a dramatic instrumental opening with orchestral arrangements and ending with singer Deborah Harry reciting a poem about the importance of the car in American society.", "village    entity is a city and former capital on the southwest coast of Finland at the mouth of the Aura River, in the region of Finland Proper and the former entity and Pori Province . The region was originally called Suomi , which later became the name for the whole country. As of 30 September 2018, the population of entity was 191,499 making it the sixth largest city in Finland after Helsinki, Espoo, Tampere, Vantaa and Oulu. There were 330,192 inhabitants living in the entity sub-region, ranking it as the third largest urban area in Finland after the Greater Helsinki area and Tampere sub-region. The city is offic", "village    entity is a Finnish city of 184,300 inhabitants located in the south-west of the country at the mouth of the coastal river Aura.", "american football player    entity is an American former professional baseball center fielder, right fielder, and pitcher. Ankiel played in Major League Baseball from 1999 through 2013 for the St. Louis Cardinals, Kansas City Royals, Atlanta Braves, Washington Nationals, Houston Astros, and New York Mets.", "american football player    entity is a baseball player who played in the major leagues from 1999 to 2013. Originally a pitcher, Ankiel gave up this position in 2005 after being demoted to the minor leagues, to return to the majors two and a half years later in as an outfielder.", "album    entity was an American heavy metal band formed in 1996 in East Brunswick, New Jersey. After releasing six full-length albums, the band announced its breakup in 2013.", "album    entity is an American Metalcore band formed in 1996.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Moscow, Russia. The team played in the top divisions of Soviet and Russian hockey. In 2008, the team was expelled from the Soviet Wings Sport Palace and a new team, Mentity was created. Pentity played at the Minor Arena and Vityaz Ice Palace in Podolsk until 2010, when the team was reunited with Mentity and returned to the Soviet Wings Sport Palace. But after 2011, it was not able to continue to operate as a professional hockey club and withdrew from the championship on all levels. In 2016, the team returned to play in the MHL.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey club from Moscow, Russia. It plays in the Vyscha\u00efa liga. Krylia Sovetov means Soviet wings in French.", "album    entity is the first release in John Zorn's Music Romance Series and features three Naked City compositions performed by Zorn with the band Prelapse; a 20-minute composition for wind machines and controlled feedback systems dedicated to Edgar Varese, and a classical chamber music piece for violin, percussion and piano performed by the Abel-Steinberg-Winant Trio framed by a poly-rhythmic etude for percussion and celeste and a lullaby for music box.", "album    entity is an album by John Zorn released on the Tzadik label in 1998. This is the first volume in the Music Romance series. The album includes several pieces played by different groups and in different styles: three unreleased pieces by Naked City played by Prelapse, a 20-minute composition for wind machines and Larsen effect, a lullaby for music box, etc.", "single    Italian motor manufacturer Alfa Romeo has participated many times in Formula One. It currently participates as Alfa Romeo Racing Orlen while being operated by Sauber Motorsport AG. The brand has competed in motor racing as both a constructor and engine supplier sporadically between 1950 and 1987, and later as a commercial partner since 2015. The company's works drivers won the first two World Drivers' Championships in the pre-war Alfetta: Nino Farina in 1950 and Juan Manuel Fangio in 1951. Following these successes, Alfa Romeo withdrew from Formula One.", "single    Alfa Romeo took part in Formula 1 competitions as a manufacturer and engine supplier from 1950 to 1988.", "comics creator    entity is a French jazz violinist. He works in avant-garde jazz, but he has also worked in post-bop and other contexts.", "comics creator    Dominique Pifar\u00e9ly, French violinist and composer born in B\u00e8gles in 1957, spent his childhood in Montreuil. He did his secondary studies there, as well as musical studies at the city's conservatory. Since 1978 he has devoted himself to jazz and improvised music, developing a career in which personal achievements and chosen collaborations mingle. He receives his first violin at the age of 6.", "video game    entity is a skateboarding video game developed and published by Roll7 for the PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita. The game was announced on 25 September 2014 as the sequel to the critically acclaimed OlliOlli, and was released on 3 March 2015 in North America and on 4 March 2015 in Europe. OlliOlli2 was released free to PlayStation Plus members. The game was ported to PC by BlitWorks and published by Devolver Digital, releasing it for Microsoft Windows, OS X, and Linux on 11 August 2015.", "video game    entity is a skateboard video game developed by Roll7. This is the sequel to OlliOlli.", "village    entity is one of eight administrative districts of \u0160umadija and Western Serbia. It is located in the central parts of the country. According to the 2011 census results, it has a population of 293,308 inhabitants, and the administrative center is the city of Kragujevac. The district is named after the geographical region of \u0160umadija.", "village    entity is an administrative subdivision of the Republic of Serbia. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 290,900.", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "album    entity are an English doom metal band formed in Bradford. Since their inception in 1990, they have released 13 studio albums, three EPs, one demo, one box set, four compilation albums, one live album, and one live CD/DVD release. Along with Anathema and Paradise Lost, entity were a forerunner of the death doom metal and gothic metal genres during the early 1990s. These bands comprise \"The Peaceville Three\" as all were signed to Peaceville Records at the time.", "album    entity is one of the pioneers of the death/doom metal genre. In 2014, My Dying Bride lists a total of eleven studio albums, three EPs, a demo, a box set, four musical compilations, a live album, and a live CD/DVD.", "video game    entity is a free and open-source software Nintendo 64 emulator written in the programming languages C and C++ for Microsoft Windows. This software uses a plug-in system allowing third-party groups to use their own plug-ins to implement specific components. entity can play Nintendo 64 games on a computer reading ROM images, either dumped from the read-only memory of a Nintendo 64 ROM cartridge or created directly on the computer as homebrew.", "video game    entity is an emulator for the Nintendo 64 console. It was created in 2001. It uses a plugin system similar to that of the 1964 emulator. A few built-in plugins are the graphics and sound plugins from Jabo. This emulator supports a wide range of games. There is often controversy as to which emulator has the best kernel.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on October 9, 1977, at Mosport Park. It was the 16th and penultimate race of the 1977 Formula One season.", "formula one team    Results of the 1977 Formula 1 Canadian Grand Prix held at the Mosport Park circuit on October 9, 1977.", "video game    entity is an American video game development studio founded by Jason West and Vince Zampella. West and Zampella previously co-founded Infinity Ward and created the Call of Duty franchise, where they were responsible for its development until 2010. The studio created the Titanfall first-person shooter series that debuted in 2014. Respawn was acquired by Electronic Arts on December 1, 2017. The studio developed the action-adventure game Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order, which was released in November 2019, and the free-to-play battle royale game Apex Legends, released in February 4, 2019. Respawn developed Medal of Honor: Above and Beyond, which included in its bonus features the Academy Award-winning short documentary Colette.", "video game    entity is an American video game development studio located in Encino, California. The company is formed by the founders of Infinity Ward, the development studio behind the Call of Duty franchise.", "university    entity is a public research university located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Founded in 1821 by royal charter granted by King George IV, the university bears the name of James McGill, a Scottish merchant whose bequest in 1813 formed the university's precursor, University of McGill College ; the name was officially changed to entity in 1885.", "university    entity is one of the oldest universities in Canada and among the best universities in the world. With a median admission average of 3.8/4.0, McGill is one of the universities with the highest admission averages in the world. The university has two campuses, separated by 35 kilometers.", "basketball team    entity is an American professional soccer club based in the Greater Boston area that competes in Major League Soccer , in the Eastern Conference of the league. It is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS, having competed in the league since its inaugural season. The club is owned by Robert Kraft, who also owns the New England Patriots along with his son, Jonathan Kraft. The name \"Revolution\" refers to the New England region's significant involvement in the American Revolution that took place from 1775 to 1783.", "basketball team    entity is a franchise soccer club based in New England. The stadium, Gillette Stadium, is located in Foxborough, Massachusetts. The team plays in Major League Soccer.", "actor    entity is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C., portrayed by Kelly Rowan. Kirsten is the wife of Sandy Cohen, mother to Seth Cohen, and the adoptive mother of Ryan Atwood. Originally portrayed as being unwelcoming towards Ryan in the Cohen household, she began to develop feelings for the brooding teenager, going on to accept him as a central member of her family.", "actor    entity is a fictional character from the television series Newport Beach. She is played by actress Kelly Rowan. Kirsten is Caleb Nichol's eldest daughter and Hailey Nichol's sister.", "video game    entity is a 2012 social simulation video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS console. In the game, the human character takes on the role of mayor in a town populated with anthropomorphic animals. As the fourth main title in the Animal Crossing series, it was released in Japan in November 2012, and in North America, Europe and Australia in June 2013.", "video game    entity is a life simulation video game developed by Nintendo EAD and published by Nintendo, for Nintendo 3DS. The game is the fourth iteration in the Animal Crossing series where the player lives among a rural community populated by anthropomorphic animals. entity was released in Japan on November 8, 2012, in North America on June 9, 2013, and in Europe on June 14, 2013.", "village    entity is a commune in the C\u00f4tes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.", "village    entity is a commune in the C\u00f4tes-d'Armor department, in the Brittany region, in France. Its inhabitants are Saint-Gillois and Saint-Gilloises. The commune of Saint Gilles Vieux March\u00e9 is a 4-star flowered village.", "rugby player    entity is a Georgian former rugby union player. He played as a lock , number 8, and flanker and was a lineout specialist. A member of their inaugural World Cup side in 2003, he captained the Georgia national rugby union team in the 2007 tournament, but was forced out of the squad because of an injury. This injury ultimately led to him announcing his retirement from international rugby, after gaining 48 caps. He returned to the squad in late 2008, playing against Scotland A and taking part in the 2009 European Nations Cup, where he scored a game-saving try against Portugal on 14 February 2009.", "rugby player    entity is a Georgian rugby union player. He is captain of the Georgia team and plays at the second line position.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American group Black Eyed Peas. It was released on June 24, 2003, by the will.i.am Music Group and A&M Records. The album charted at number 14 on the American Billboard 200 albums chart and was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, and has gone on to sell more than 9 million copies worldwide, with 3.2 million in the United States alone. This is the group's first album with Fergie, as well as their first album where the band is credited as The Black Eyed Peas. Album cover art by Markus and Indrani Pal-Chaudhuri).", "album    entity is the third studio album by Black Eyed Peas released on June 24, 2003 in France on the Polydor label. The album was a huge success, selling over 8.5 million copies worldwide. It is also the first album on which the singer Fergie collaborates, she then joins the group.", "album    entity is the debut single of Japanese singer Ami Suzuki released on July 1, 1998 through True Kiss Disc, sub-label of Sony Music Entertainment Japan owned by Tetsuya Komuro.", "album    entity is Ami Suzuki's first single, released in 1998.", "governmental administrative region    entity is an administrative department of France, consisting of the southern part of the island of Corsica. The corresponding departmental territorial collectivity merged with that of Haute-Corse on 1 January 2018, forming the single territorial collectivity of Corsica, with territorial elections coinciding with the dissolution of the separate council. However, even though its administrative powers were ceded to the new territorial collectivity, it continues to remain an administrative department in its own right. The people living in entity are called Suttanacci.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a French department, part of the territorial collectivity of Corsica. Its official code is 2A, even if La Poste still uses the historical number 20 for the whole of Corsica.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left wing who played in the National Hockey League for twelve seasons from 1978\u201379 until 1989\u201390. He's now a captain for American Airlines, flying Boeing 737s.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "actor    entity is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. She is known for her distinctive sound, characterized by her peculiar timbre, voice-layering, and intricate riffs, which has earned her the title of \"the Vocal Bible\". As of August 2020, she has sold over 40 million records worldwide, with approximately 8.62 million albums sold in the United States alone. Her work has earned her numerous awards and accolades, including a Grammy Award, an American Music Award, and seven Billboard Music Awards.", "actor    entity is a pop/r'n'b actress and singer.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Christina Aguilera. RCA Records released the album on November 9, 2012. Its music incorporates pop styles with elements of dance-pop and rock in the form of upbeat songs and piano-driven ballads. Aguilera described the album as a \"rebirth\", drawing inspiration from events in her life, her appearance on The Voice, and her divorce. The album was recorded at Aguilera's home studio. As executive producer, she collaborated with a wide range of producers, including new partners Alex da Kid, Max Martin, Lucas Secon and Tracklacers.", "album    entity is Christina Aguilera's seventh album, released on November 12, 2012 in France.", "musical artist    entity is an Irish singer-songwriter. Her debut album, The Lion and the Cobra, released in 1987, charted internationally and her single \"Nothing Compares 2 U\", released in 1990, was named the number one world single by the Billboard Music Awards. In 2017, O'Connor changed her name to Magda Davitt. After converting to Islam in 2018, she changed it to entity. However, she continues to record and perform under her birth name.", "musical artist    entity is an Irish singer and songwriter. His cover of the song Nothing Compares 2 U composed by Prince was his biggest hit as a single.", "village    entity is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher, in the Center region.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 28 October 1951 at Pedralbes Circuit. It was the eighth and final race of the 1951 World Championship of Drivers. This race was determined by tyre choice \u2013 Ferrari chose a 16 inch rear wheel, whilst Alfa Romeo settled for the 18 inch, which proved to be the better of the two options.Juan Manuel Fangio led Alberto Ascari by two points before the race. Ascari led the race from Jos\u00e9 Froil\u00e1n Gonz\u00e1lez, but the Ferraris suffered numerous tread problems. Piero Taruffi threw a tyre tread on lap 6 and was followed on lap 7 by Luigi Villoresi, Ascari on lap 8 and Gonzalez on lap 14. The Ferraris were forced to stop frequently to change tyres and Fangio comfortably won the race and his first drivers' title, after Ascari finished 4th was", "formula one team    entity was the fifteenth round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950 and the eighth and final round of the 1951 championship.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper, songwriter, media personality, actor, and businessman. His fame dates to 1992 when he featured on Dr. Dre's debut solo single, \"Deep Cover\", and then on Dre's debut solo album, The Chronic. Broadus has since sold over 23 million albums in the United States and 35 million albums worldwide.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper and producer born on October 20, 1971 in Long Beach, California. Snoop Dogg was first known as an MC in the West Coast hip-hop scene, and to be one of producer Dr. Dre's proteges. His mother quickly nicknamed him \"Snoopy\" because of the expression on his face, and he took the alias Snoop Doggy Dogg when he started recording.", "album    entity is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her fourth studio album, Rated R . The song features the British-American guitarist Slash of the rock group Guns N' Roses. It was released on May 18, 2010, as the sixth and final single from the album. Rihanna wrote the song in collaboration with the producers The-Dream and Christopher \"Tricky\" Stewart; vocal production was carried out by Makeba Riddick. The album version is a grunge-crunk and hip hop song, while the remix EP's consist of dance, dubstep and electronic music adaptations, some of which were remixed by Dave Aud\u00e9 and Mark Picchiotti.", "album    entity is a Rihanna track featuring guitarist Slash. entity can be found on the singer's fourth album, Rated R. It is the album's fifth single. American Idol set on April 7, 2010.", "album    entity is a song recorded by American recording artist Ciara for her third studio album Fantasy Ride . It was released by LaFace Records on July 24, 2009, as the album's third and final single. Rapper Missy Elliott provides featured vocals on the song. Ciara and Elliott wrote it in collaboration with its producers Nate \"Danja\" Hills and Marcella Araica. entity is a fast-paced electropop and dance song with elements of house and hip hop. Ciara described it as an energetic club track, and considered it initially as the lead single of Fantasy Ride.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Ciara in duet with rapper Missy Elliott. The song from her third studio album Fantasy Ride was written by Ciara Harris, Nate Hills, Marcella Araica and Missy Elliott. The track was released as the album's third and final single on July 24, 2009.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolb\u00f3rz, within Piotrk\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of Wolb\u00f3rz, Piotrk\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland .", "cricketer    entity was a Northern Irish footballer who played for Chelsea, Walsall, Glentoran and Linfield. A former gas worker of medium build, he was a prolific goalscorer in the Irish League and the Football League, adept at getting into good scoring positions and athletic enough to make the final touch count. \"Head, heel or toe, slip it to Joe\" became a famous catch-phrase when referring to him. His scoring of six goals for Ireland v Wales at Celtic Park on 1 February 1930 in a 7\u20130 win, still remains the record score for a British Isles player in an international fixture.", "cricketer    entity was a Northern Irish footballer in the 1930s. An exceptional goalscorer, Bambrick played for Chelsea, Walsall, Glentoran and Linfield. He scored 12 goals in just 11 appearances for the Northern Ireland team between 1928 and 1940.", "single    entity is an American former professional baseball outfielder. He played in Major League Baseball for the Cincinnati Reds, Cleveland Indians, Colorado Rockies, Atlanta Braves, Texas Rangers, Baltimore Orioles and the San Francisco Giants.", "single    entity is an outfielder for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball.", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band Nirvana, written by vocalist and guitarist, Kurt Cobain. It appears as the fifth track on the band's second album Nevermind, released by DGC Records in September 1991. entity was released as the album's third single in July 1992, peaking at number 64 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 11 on the UK Singles Chart. It was also a number 1 hit in Finland and a top 5 hit in Ireland and Portugal. The accompanying music video, directed by American filmmaker Kevin Kerslake, is a compilation of live footage.", "album    entity is a song by grunge band Nirvana from the album Nevermind. This is the third single from this album.", "album    entity is the 8th single by the Japanese girl idol group Berryz Kobo. It was released in Japan on August 3, 2005, and debuted at number 5 in the daily Oricon singles chart and at number 13 in the weekly Oricon singles chart. It was the last single that featured Berryz Kobo member Maiha Ishimura.", "album    entity is the 8th single from Japanese pop group Berryz K\u014db\u014d.", "village    entity is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps, overlooking the region of Gruy\u00e8res in the canton of Fribourg. It lies at the northern end of the chain between Lake Geneva and the valley of the Sarine. The summit of the mountain can be easily reached, a cable car station being located near the summit at 1,982 metres as well as a meteorological station. From the village of Mol\u00e9son-sur-Gruy\u00e8res a funicular leads to Plan Francey , from where the cable car starts.", "village    entity is a summit of the Friborg Pre-Alps culminating at 2,002 meters above sea level. It is located in the canton of Fribourg, not far from Bulle and Gruy\u00e8res.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, released on September 29, 1987 by EMI Manhattan. Due to prior obligations resulting in temporary personnel changes following the band's formation in 1983, entity is the only studio album to feature all four founding members of the band on every track: vocalist Anthony Kiedis, bassist Flea, guitarist Hillel Slovak and drummer Jack Irons. This is also the last album with Slovak before his death from a drug overdose in 1988, and the only full-length album to feature Irons. \"Fight Like a Brave\" was released as the album's only single, although \"Me and My Friends\" received minor radio airplay. In 1992, \"Behind the Sun\" was released as a single and music video to promote What Hit", "album    entity is the third album by the Red Hot Chili Peppers, released in 1987. It is the only album produced by the band in its original lineup \u2014 namely Anthony Kiedis on vocals, Michael Balzary on bass, Hillel Slovak on on guitar and Jack Irons on drums. The album was very controversial at the time of its release due to its explicit content lyrics.", "musical artist    entity is a French musician, DJ, record producer, singer and songwriter from Nantes, currently based in Los Angeles. He initially came to widespread public attention through a YouTube video, \"Pop Culture\", where he performed a mash-up of 39 different popular songs in real-time using a Novation Launchpad. It received millions of hits in its first few days of release. Leclercq has cited The Beatles and Daft Punk as his greatest musical influences.", "musical artist    entity is a French DJ and producer of electronic music.", "video game    entity is the eighth and final title in the Wizardry series of role-playing video games by Sir-Tech Canada. It is the third in the Dark Savant trilogy, which includes Wizardry VI: Bane of the Cosmic Forge and Wizardry VII: Crusaders of the Dark Savant. It was published in 2001 by Sir-Tech, and re-released by Night Dive Studios on GOG.com and Steam in 2013.", "video game    entity is a dungeon crawler video game developed and published by Sir-Tech in 2001. The game is the eighth installment in the Wizardry series and the third in the Dark Savant Trilogy which also includes Wizardry VI: Bane of the Cosmic Forge and Wizardry VII: Crusaders of the Dark Savant. Upon its release, it was well received by the specialized press and was notably voted best role-playing game of the year by Computer Gaming World magazine and the GameSpot site. Since 2001, the game is also", "album    entity is an anti-apartheid protest song by English rock musician Peter Gabriel. It was released by Charisma Records as a single from Gabriel's eponymous third album in 1980. The song is a musical eulogy, inspired by the death of the black South African anti-apartheid activist Steve Biko in police custody on 12 September 1977. Gabriel wrote the song after hearing of Biko's death on the news. Influenced by Gabriel's growing interest in African musical styles, the song carried a sparse two-tone beat played on Brazilian drum and vocal percussion, in addition to a distorted guitar, and a synthesised bagpipe sound. The lyrics, which included phrases in Xhosa, describe Biko's death and the violence under the apartheid government. The song is book-ended with recordings of songs sung at Biko's fun", "album    entity is a song written, composed and performed by Peter Gabriel released in 1980 on his third eponymous album.", "album    entity is a popular 1973 single by the rock group Alice Cooper, the title track taken from the album Billion Dollar Babies. It was released in July 1973, months after the album had been released. The track is a duet between Alice Cooper and Donovan, who provides the falsetto vocals. BMI lists the composers of entity as Alice Cooper, Michael Bruce and Reggie Vinson . Some sources list the composers as Cooper, Bruce, drummer Neal Smith, and \"R. Reggie\", the latter being an allusion to Vinson's nickname \"Rockin' Reggie Vinson\".", "album    entity is a song by Alice Cooper from the eponymous album released in 1973. It was written and composed by Alice Cooper, Michael Bruce and Rockin` Reggie. entity also became the name of the group founded by Michael Bruce, Neal Smith and Dennis Dunaway. In 1977 the group published the album Battle Axe. The album entity was the main commercial success of the composition Alice Cooper Group.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by American rapper Master P. It was released by No Limit Records, Priority Records and EMI. It debuted at number one on the Billboard Top 200 chart, selling 496,000 copies in the first week. It gained mixed reviews. It was also released about the same time as the straight-to-video short film, entity. It was promoted as his final studio album, although Master P returned to solo recording with Only God Can Judge Me in 1999. The album was certified 4\u8133 Platinum by the RIAA with over four million copies sold, making it the best-selling album of Master P's career. It features guest appearances by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, E-40, Silkk the Shocker, UGK, Snoop Dogg and Soulja Slim.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by Master P, released on June 2, 1998.", "screen writer    entity was a Chinese playwright, drama and film director, screenwriter, and film theorist. He was one of the most prominent film directors and screenwriters in pre-Communist China, together with Shi Dongshan, Cai Chusheng, and Zheng Junli. His most famous film was Women Side by Side .", "screen writer    entity is a Chinese playwright, director, screenwriter, and film theorist. Considered one of the most important directors and screenwriters of pre-communism, along with Shi Dongshan, Cai Chusheng, and Zheng Junli, his most famous film is Women Side by Side.", "actor    entity is one of the best-selling recording artists of all time, with sales of over 200 million records worldwide. Her singing style, which was strongly inspired by gospel music, had an innovative influence on popular music. Houston is known for her powerful, soulful vocals and vocal improvisation skills. She also enhanced her popularity by entrancing into the movie industry. Her works, which include recordings and films, have generated both great success and controversy.", "actor    entity is an American singer, actress, producer and model. She began as a model but was revealed in 1985, by the release of her first opus entitled Whitney Houston, sold 25 million copies worldwide and certified 13 times platinum. In 1987, she released her second album: Whitney, which generated four No. 1s on Billboard: I Wanna D", "river    entity is a river that is situated primarily in Ghana and flows through Ghana and Ivory Coast, emptying into Aby Lagoon. A hydroelectric dam was built across the Bia at Ayam\u00e9 in 1959, causing the formation of Lake Ayame.", "river    entity is a river in West Africa that crosses Ghana and C\u00f4te d'Ivoire.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Dollas played defence for the Winnipeg Jets, Quebec Nordiques, Detroit Red Wings, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Edmonton Oilers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Calgary Flames, Ottawa Senators and San Jose Sharks.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player. In January 2007, he became the coach of the Sorel-Tracy franchise of the North American Hockey League until the end of the season.", "album    entity is a song performed by British singer and songwriter Leona Lewis. It was released as the second single from her second studio album, Echo . It was written by Arnthor Birgisson, Max Martin and Savan Kotecha, with production helmed by Birgisson. It was recorded by Birgisson at Westlake Recording Studios, Los Angeles, California and The Vault, Stockholm, Sweden, who was assisted by Lewis on the song's vocal production. It was released to United States contemporary hit radio on 8 December 2009, and throughout Europe to download digitally on 19 February 2010. entity is a pop and R&B ballad, and instrumentation consists of guitars and synthesizers.", "album    entity is a pop song sung by British singer Leona Lewis. This song is part of the album Echo, which was written by Arnthor Birgisson, Max Martin and Savan Kotecha. It was released on February 21, 2010 in the UK as the second single. The single entity was present for four weeks in the forty best sellers.", "record label    entity is an American record label owned by Warner Music Group and distributed by Elektra Records. The label, founded in Gainesville, Florida, is based in New York City.", "record label    entity is a record label located in Tampa, Florida. It was founded by Vinnie the drummer of the punk band Less Than Jake and John Janick. This label is the precursor of the new American alternative punk scene.", "musical artist    entity is an English singer and songwriter, best known as the lead singer and lyricist of the English rock band Led Zeppelin for all of its existence from 1968 up until 1980, when the band broke up following the death of John Bonham, the band's drummer.", "musical artist    entity is a British singer and harmonica player who was, from the formation of the group in 1968 until its dissolution in 1980, the singer and the author of most of the texts of the songs of Led Zeppelin, before continuing his career. solo and through various collaborations, notably in the 1990s with his old partner Jimmy Page with whom he shares the authorship of the vast majority of the original repertoire of the famous British rock band.", "single    entity was a Scottish soldier and British politician.", "single    entity was a Scottish-born British general who fought in the American Revolutionary War and the French Revolutionary Wars. He was a member of the Privy Council and held several political offices alongside his military career.", "village    entity is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes in central France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Allier in the Auvergne region.", "prefecture    entity is a department in Alsace which is a part of the Grand Est super-region of France. The name means 'Lower Rhine', referring to its lower altitude among both French Rhine departments: it is downstream of the Haut Rhin department. Note that both belong to the European Upper Rhine region. It is, with the Haut Rhin , one of the two departments of the traditional Alsace region. The more populous and densely populated of the pair, it had 1,125,559 inhabitants in 2017. The prefecture is based in Strasbourg. The INSEE and Post Code is 67.", "prefecture    entity is a French department in the Alsace region. The prefecture as well as the general council are based in Strasbourg. Insee and La Poste assign it the code 67.", "prefecture    entity is the southernmost department in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region of Southeastern France. Named after the river entity, it had a population of 508,006 as of 2016. entity's prefecture is Valence.", "prefecture    entity is a French department located in the south-eastern quarter of France, and whose name comes from the river of the same name. The Dr\u00f4me department is part of the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. Insee and the Post office assign it the code 26. Its inhabitants are the Dr\u00f4mois and Dr\u00f4moises.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the Mountain West subregion of the Western United States. entity is a landlocked U.S. state bordered to its east by Colorado, to its northeast by Wyoming, to its north by Idaho, to its south by Arizona, and to its west by Nevada. entity also touches a corner of New Mexico in the southeast. Of the fifty U.S. states, entity is the 13th-largest by area; with a population over three million, it is the 30th-most-populous and 11th-least-densely populated. Urban development is mostly concentrated in two areas: the Wasatch Front in the north-central part of the state, which is home to roughly two-thirds of the population and includes the capital city, Salt Lake City; and Washington County in the southwest, with more than 170,000 residents. Mos", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the western United States. The capital is Salt Lake City, the center of an urban area where 88% of the state's 2,763,885 inhabitants live. entity is known for its great geological diversity, with snow-capped mountains, valleys with strong rivers and arid deserts with spectacular geological forms.", "album    entity is a song written by Pete Townshend and recorded by the English rock band the Who. It appears as the seventh track on their debut album My Generation .", "album    entity is a song by British rock band The Who written by the band's guitarist Pete Townshend. It appears on the album My Generation released in 1965. This song and the title track of the album became anthems for The Who for the Mod movement of 1960s England. It was also the name of the documentary on the group appeared in 1979.", "soccer manager    entity is a former Belarusian professional ice hockey player who last played for Toros Neftekamsk in the Supreme Hockey League . He was selected by Vancouver Canucks in the 2nd round of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian-Belarusian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "album    entity is the first single from English singer Kim Wilde's 1990 album Love Moves, and her first release of the new decade. Wilde was the most charted and biggest-selling British female soloist of the 1980s, and had ended that decade with the release of her biggest-selling album, Close, and its accompanying string of hit singles. Although the new single and album did not match that success, entity became a moderate hit in some countries. Both the single and its B-side, \"Virtual World\" were extended for the 12\" and CD-single formats.", "album    entity is a song by Kim Wilde, released as a single on March 26, 1990, as the first extract from the album Love Moves, of which it is the first title. It is also the artist's first record release in the 1990s.", "musical artist    entity is an American heavy metal drummer. DeGrasso was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and graduated from Liberty High School in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in 1981 where he was a member of the Grenadier Band. DeGrasso played his first gigs with Mama's Boys and Lita Ford before eventually working with Y&T and Megadeth,. Also as session or touring musician for White Lion , Fiona , Suicidal Tendencies , MD.45 , Alice Cooper .", "musical artist    entity is an American drummer born March 16, 1963 in Bethlehem.", "instrumentalist    entity was founded by Marc \"Xenoyr\" Campbell and Adam Cooper. The current line-up comprises vocalist Xenoyr, violinist and clean vocalist Tim Charles, guitarists Matt Klavins and Benjamin Baret, bassist Martino Garattoni and drummer Daniel Presland. To date, the band has released a demo, two extended plays and three studio albums. Their most recent album, Urn, was released on 27 October 2017.", "instrumentalist    entity is composed of a violin, two guitars, a bass guitar, drums and clear, guttural vocals. His influences range, for metal, from death to black through thrash and melodic; as well as classical music, jazz, avant-garde and flamenco.", "skyscraper    entity is a station on the Piccadilly line of the London Underground, on the boundary between Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3. It straddles the border between the London Boroughs of Hackney and Haringey, the postal address and three of the entrances being in the former, and one entrance in the latter.", "skyscraper    entity is a London Underground station.", "album    entity is a compilation album comprising B-sides, remixes, and rare songs by the American third wave ska band No Doubt, first released on November 23, 2003 as disc three of No Doubt's box set, Boom Box, which also contained The Singles 1992\u20132003, The Videos 1992\u20132003 and Live in the Tragic Kingdom. entity was later released separately on October 12, 2004.", "album    entity is the third compilation album by American alternative rock band No Doubt, released in 2004.", "album    entity is a song by Scottish DJ Calvin Harris. The song features American singer Kelis and is a move away from Harris singing, concentrating more on production. It was released on 10 June 2011 as the first single from Harris's third studio album, 18 Months .", "album    entity is a song by Scottish DJ Calvin Harris featuring singer Kelis released on April 29, 2011. The song is from the album 18 Months.", "video game    entity is a 1989 side-scrolling shooting game released by Capcom for the CPS arcade hardware and for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. The game was released in Japan as Area 88 , and is based on the manga series of the same name, featuring the same main characters. Here, their mission is to stop a terrorist group known as Project 4. It was followed by a spiritual successor Carrier Air Wing.", "video game    entity is a shoot 'em up video game developed and published by Capcom on the CP System in August 1989. It is the first installment in a series of video games based on the Japanese manga universe Area 88.", "musical artist    entity was an American singer, songwriter, musician, and record producer. Starting in the early 1950's as the lead singer of his family musical group the Valentinos and as Sam Cooke's backing guitarist, Womack's career spanned more than 60 years and multiple styles, including R&B, soul, rock and roll, doo-wop, and gospel. In 2009, Bobby Womack was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.", "musical artist    entity is an American soul and R&B singer, guitarist and songwriter.", "screen writer    entity was an American motion picture cameraman and cinematographer. His career began around the time of World War I and continued to the 1950s. Hunt served as director of cinematography on numerous films, such as Beau Geste, A Kiss for Cinderella, Flying Down to Rio, and She.", "screen writer    entity was an American cinematographer.", "film    entity is a 1953 American film released by MGM. It stars Leslie Caron as a touchingly na\u00efve French girl whose emotional relationship with a carnival puppeteer is conducted through the medium of four puppets. The film won the Academy Award for Best Original Score, and was also entered in the 1953 Cannes Film Festival. It was later adapted for the stage under the title Carnival! .", "film    entity is a 1953 American film by Charles Walters starring Leslie Caron and Mel Ferrer.", "film    entity is a 1986 American comedy film directed by Harold Ramis starring Robin Williams, Twiggy, Peter O'Toole, and Jimmy Cliff. The film reunites director / co-writer Ramis with most of his SCTV co-stars \u2013 SCTV cast members Andrea Martin, Eugene Levy, Rick Moranis, Joe Flaherty, and Robin Duke play supporting roles in the film, as does co-writer Brian Doyle-Murray, a former SCTV staff writer. The movie follows a group of vacationers staying at the newly opened entity as a series of increasingly unlikely events takes place.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Harold Ramis, released in 1986.", "album    entity is a single by American rapper Nelly, featuring American singer Justin Timberlake. It was released on February 24, 2003, as the fourth single from Nelly's 2002 album Nellyville. It peaked at number 68 on the Billboard Hot 100, and number seven on the UK Singles Chart.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Nelly featuring Justin Timberlake from his second album Nellyville released in 2002. The track produced by Jason \"Jay E\" Epperson was released as a single on February 25, 2003. The title would later be used by Scott Storch to make a remix that will be included in the rapper's Da Derrty Versions: The Reinventions album.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by British virtual band entity. It was released on 26 March 2001 in the United Kingdom by Parlophone and in the United States by Virgin Records. The album reached number three in the UK and number fourteen in the US and has sold over seven million copies worldwide. The album's success earned the group an entry in the Guinness Book of World Records as the \"Most Successful Virtual Band\", and spawned the singles \"Clint Eastwood\", \"19-2000\", \"Rock the House\", and \"Tomorrow Comes Today\".", "album    entity is the debut album by virtual self-titled band entity, released March 26, 2001, and produced by Dan \"The Automator\" Nakamura.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin. Included on their sixth album Physical Graffiti , it was written by Jimmy Page and Robert Plant with contributions from John Bonham over a period of three years with lyrics dating to 1973. The song became a concert staple, performed by the band at almost every concert after its release. It has been described as one of Led Zeppelin's two most overtly progressive epics .", "album    entity is a song by British rock band Led Zeppelin from their sixth studio album Physical Graffiti released on February 24, 1975 on their Swan Song Records label. Written by Robert Plant during a trip to Morocco and composed by Jimmy Page, Robert Plant and John Bonham for three years, this song is, according to John Paul Jones and Robert Plant, the song \"which best represents the group\".", "island    entity is a densely populated island in the southeast part of the U.S. state of New York, part of the New York metropolitan area. At New York Harbor, it begins approximately 0.35 miles east of Manhattan Island and extends eastward over 100 miles into the Atlantic Ocean. The island comprises four counties; Kings and Queens counties and Nassau County share the western third of the island, while Suffolk County occupies the eastern two thirds. More than half of New York City's residents live on entity, in Brooklyn and in Queens. However, people in the New York metropolitan area colloquially use the term entity to refer exclusively to Nassau and Suffolk counties, and conversely, e", "island    entity is an island in the northeastern United States, stretching off the coast of the state of Connecticut south to the mouth of the Hudson on which New York City is built.", "noble    entity is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr, who published it under the name of Carter Dickson. It is a locked room mystery or, more properly, a subset of that category known as an \"impossible crime\", and features the series detective Sir Henry Merrivale. Carr considered this one of his best impossible crime novels.", "noble    entity is a 1945 American detective novel by John Dickson Carr. , under the pseudonym of Carter Dickson. It is the 16th novel in the series featuring the character of Sir Henry Merrivale.", "video game    entity is widely regarded as one of the best F1 drivers never to win a championship Grand Prix. His reputation for bad luck was such that fellow driver Mario Andretti once joked that \"if he became an undertaker, people would stop dying\". Former Ferrari Technical Director Mauro Forghieri stated that Amon was \"by far the best test driver I have ever worked with. He had all the qualities to be a World Champion but bad luck just wouldn't let him be\".", "video game    entity is a former racing driver from New Zealand. He competed in fourteen Formula 1 seasons, from 1963 to 1976, i.e. 96 Grands Prix, without winning any championship victory. He scored 11 podiums and finished in the points 30 times.", "actor    entity is an Italian heiress and socialite. Since 2011 Allegra has been a director of Gianni Versace S.p.A. and has worked in New York City as a theatrical dresser.", "actor    entity is an heiress and major shareholder of the Versace fashion house. She is the daughter of Donatella Versace, creator of the fashion house of the same name, niece of Santo Versace and Gianni Versace, founder of the fashion house, who was assassinated on July 15, 1997 in Miami Beach by the American serial killer Andrew Cunanan. entity suffers from anorexia.Fashion Portal Fashion Portal Business Portal Business Portal", "video game    entity is a video game for the Game Boy Color. It is based on Panel de Pon, only with characters from the Pok\u00e9mon franchise. The characters in entity are based on those in the Gold and Silver games, while those in Pok\u00e9mon Puzzle League\u2014its Nintendo 64 equivalent\u2014were based more on the anime characters. However, the game is also focused around beating the Johto leaders in a puzzle challenge in Johto region. The game play mode is divided into 1 Player, 2 Player, and Training. The game was later released on the 3DS eShop on November 6, 2014.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game published by the Japanese company Nintendo for its Game Boy Color console. It uses characters from the Pok\u00e9mon license, more specifically those from the Pok\u00e9mon Gold and Silver games. The game was released on September 21, 2000 in Japan.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American singer Adam Lambert, released on May 15, 2012, by RCA Records Originally scheduled for March 20, 2012, the album was pushed back for two months in order to add more songs and collaborations. In late March, alongside the reveal of snippets of four album tracks, Lambert announced on Twitter that the album would be released on May 15, 2012. Lambert is the executive producer on entity, as well as a principal writer.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American singer Adam Lambert.", "album    entity is often considered one of the more prominent bands associated with the Nederbeat rock wave that took place in the Netherlands in the 1960s.", "album    entity is a Dutch rock band founded in 1965.", "album    entity is Namie Amuro's 15th single on the Avex Trax label. First pressing privileges came with a bonus remix of the title track. The same remix was later included on a vinyl single released two months after the CD version. Released in Japan on New Year's Day, the single debuted at #4 becoming her 15th consecutive top 10 solo single. The single was certified platinum for 400,000 copies shipped.", "album    entity is Namie Amuro's 14th regular single released on the Avex Trax label, or 16th under her own name counting those released on the Toshiba-EMI label. It was released on January 1, 2000 in Japan, written and produced by Tetsuya Komuro, and reached #4 on the Oricon chart.", "album    entity is the first of three collaborations between British musicians David Sylvian and Robert Fripp. It was released in August 1993, featuring a driving rock style with elements of funk. After scattered collaborations from the late 1980s, Fripp asked Sylvian to join a new version of his band King Crimson, but Sylvian proposed a collaborative album. entity was released in three versions: a double LP , a regular CD and a box set with eight photo prints . Jean the Birdman was released as a single, featuring exclusive B-sides not available on an album.", "album    entity is the first album resulting from the collaboration between Robert Fripp and David Sylvian, released in 1993.", "album    entity is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette from her fourth studio album, Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie . The lyrics were written by Morissette, who also composed the music with Glen Ballard. It was released as the album's third single on March 18, 1999. It was one of the few Junkie tracks on which she played her harmonica. Morissette directed the music video for the song. Without a chorus or hook, entity has an unconventional song structure. The lyrics consist of letters addressed to Morissette's former boyfriends and friends. The single became a moderate hit, reaching number nine in Canada, number 28 in New Zealand, and number 58 in the United States.", "album    entity is the third single from Alanis Morissette's fourth album, Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie. It's one of the songs on the album where Alanis plays the harmonica, the music video was directed by her.", "vice president    entity is a South Korean body established to manage e-sports in South Korea. It is a member of the Korean Olympic Committee and the International e-Sports Federation. As of June 2012, it was the managing body for 25 e-sports in the country, including Starcraft II: Legacy of the Void , League of Legends, Dota 2, and Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. KeSPA also hosts the KeSPA Cup, a yearly tournament event for some of their games.", "vice president    entity is a Korean federation responsible for managing professional electronic sports in South Korea. She takes care of games like Dota 2, Counter Strike, Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne, and especially StarCraft: Brood War and recently StarCraft II.", "grand prix    entity was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 21st edition of the Challenge Bell, and was part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2013 WTA Tour. It took place at the PEPS de l'Universit\u00e9 Laval in Quebec City, Canada, from September 9 through September 15, 2013.", "grand prix    entity is a women's professional tennis tournament. The 2013 edition, classified in the International category, takes place from September 9 to 15, 2013.", "album    entity is a song written by Bob Dylan that appears on his 1966 album Blonde on Blonde. The album version also appears on 1971's Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. II. An early studio take, done in a faster tempo, was released on The Bootleg Series Vol. 7: No Direction Home: The Soundtrack in 2005. As the recording indicates, Dylan had difficulty fitting the words to the tempo, and evidently this led to its rearrangement, as heard on Blonde on Blonde, in a more \"rock\"-oriented 4/4 time.", "album    entity is a Bob Dylan song from the 1966 album Blonde on Blonde.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 104 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Ivanjica, district of Moravica. At the 2011 census, it had 104 inhabitants.", "album    entity is a song by English rock musician Ringo Starr that was released as a non-album single in March 1972. Starr's former Beatles bandmate George Harrison produced the recording and helped Starr write the song, although he remained uncredited as a co-writer until 2017. Recording took place in London shortly after the pair had appeared together at Harrison's Concert for Bangladesh shows in August 1971. The single was a follow-up to Starr's 1971 hit song \"It Don't Come Easy\" and continued his successful run as a solo artist. entity peaked at number 2 in Britain and Canada, and number 9 on America's Billboard Hot 100. It remains Starr's highest-charting single in the United Kingdom.", "album    entity is a song by Ringo Starr released as a single in 1972. It is one of the rare titles composed by the ex-Beatle alone. The song was produced by George Harrison, who also plays guitar in it. It appeared with Blindman on the B side, a song recorded for the film of the same name but not retained. The single is one of Ringo Starr's great successes: it ranks 9th in the United States, and rises to 2nd place in the United United, scoring its best ever score in that country.", "album    entity is the name given to a series of heavy metal compilations made during the new wave of British heavy metal . The original compilation was entity, released in February 1980. The compilation was a sampling of various better-known artists of the NWOBHM, primarily known for having some of the earliest recorded material by heavy metal legends Iron Maiden. The original entity album reached No. 12 on the British LP charts and became the basis of a tour by the artists who contributed songs to the compilation. Iron Maiden, who headlined the tour, became largely intertwined with the history of Sanctuary Records .", "album    entity is the name given to two NWOBHM heavy metal compilation albums.", "film    entity is a 1956 American drama film directed by Nicholas Ray and starring James Mason, Barbara Rush, and Walter Matthau. Its plot follows an ill school teacher and family man whose life spins out of control upon misusing cortisone. It is based on a 1955 article by medical writer Berton Rouech\u00e9 in The New Yorker, titled \"Ten Feet Tall\". In addition to starring in the film, Mason also served as its producer.", "film    entity is a 1956 American drama film directed by Nicholas Ray and starring James Mason, who also co-wrote and produced the film.", "village    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.", "village    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department.", "comics creator    entity was a German writer of novels, short stories and essays, as well as dramas for radio and the theatre. In 2000 he received the Goethe Prize on the 250th Anniversary of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's birth. He won the 2010 International Nonino Prize in Italy.", "comics creator    entity is one of the best-known German writers of post-war and contemporary literature. and a German screenwriter. He is the author of fourteen novels and numerous collections of short stories, essays and radio or theatrical plays. He won the Goethe Prize in Frankfurt am Main in 1999.", "album    entity is a song by American alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins, written by the band's frontman, Billy Corgan. It was the fourth single and second track on the first disc from their third album, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness, and was released in May 1996 in Europe. entity was critically acclaimed and commercially well-received upon its release, reaching number one in Iceland, number two in New Zealand, number seven in the United Kingdom and number 36 on the US Billboard Hot 100. The music video accompanying the song was also successful and won several awards.", "album    entity is a single by Smashing Pumpkins, the third single from the album Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness.", "album    entity is a song written by Jimi Hendrix. Recorded by the Jimi Hendrix Experience in 1967, it was released on their second album Axis: Bold as Love. The lyrics reflect Hendrix's interest in science fiction and relate an extraterrestrial visitor's curiosity about life on Earth. Musically, it incorporates elements of jazz, particularly in drummer Mitch Mitchell's use of brushes. In 1968, the Experience's American record company, Reprise Records, released the song as a single, which reached number 82 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.", "album    entity is a song written by Jimi Hendrix and recorded with his band The Jimi Hendrix Experience.", "disease    entity is the sixth studio album by American metal band Soulfly.", "disease    entity is the sixth studio album by metal band Soulfly, released in 2008.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band P.O.D. It was released in May 2002 as the third single from their second major label studio album Satellite. While it did not chart as well as the album's previous singles, the song has appeared significantly in film and television. \"Boom \" was included on the remix album Community Service and as a bonus track on the special edition re-release of Satellite available August 27, 2002. A limited edition, gatefold picture disc of the single was also available in the UK.", "album    entity is the third single from POD's fourth studio album, Satellite. Although it did not chart as well as previous singles from the same album, the song was used numerous times in film and television. \"entity\" is included on the remixed album, Community Service, and on the limited edition Satellite, released August 27, 2002, as a bonus track.", "actor    entity is a Japanese female vocal group. The name is an acronym for \"Musical Active eXperience\". The original members of entity made their musical debut as members of the Super Monkey's along with lead vocalist Namie Amuro. They branched out on their own in 1995, becoming stars in their own right with selling several million albums and a string of consecutive top 20 singles from 1996 to 2000. Their lead singer, Mina, left the group in 2002 due to pregnancy and was replaced by Aki Maeda who assumed the stage name Aki. Aki left the group in August 2008 to pursue a solo career. Original member Mina returned to the group on October 28, 2008 ushering in the group's comeback after a two-year hiatus.", "actor    entity is a female Jpop group created in 1995, popular in Japan at the end of the 1990s, formed by singer-dancers Nana, Lina, Reina, and Mina, replaced for a time by Aki.", "prefecture    entity is a landlocked department in the southeastern French region of Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes. Named after the river entity, it had a population of 1,252,912 in 2016. Its prefecture is Grenoble. It borders Rh\u00f4ne to the northwest, Ain to the north, Savoie to the east, Hautes-Alpes to the south, Dr\u00f4me and Ard\u00e8che to the southwest and Loire to the west.", "prefecture    entity is a French department which takes its name from the Is\u00e8re, a tributary of the left bank of the Rh\u00f4ne.", "album    entity is a double live album released by Frank Zappa in May 1981. The album was conceived by Zappa after he scrapped the planned albums Warts and All and Crush All Boxes, and contains tracks that were intended for those albums.", "album    entity is a progressive rock album by Frank Zappa released in 1981. For about 3 years, Frank Zappa has systematically recorded all his concerts with multitrack equipment worthy of the best studios, this allows him, in addition to an exhaustive archiving of his performances, to practice the collages and other cut-outs of the various composed pieces...", "musical    entity is a form of jazz that developed in the United States in the 1930s and 1940s. The name came from the emphasis on the off\u2013beat, or weaker pulse. Swing bands usually featured soloists who would improvise on the melody over the arrangement. The danceable swing style of big bands and bandleaders such as Benny Goodman was the dominant form of American popular music from 1935 to 1946, known as the swing era. The verb \"to swing\" is also used as a term of praise for playing that has a strong groove or drive. Notable musicians of the swing era include Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman, Count Basie, Cab Calloway, Jimmy Dorsey, Tommy Dorsey, Woody Herman, Harry James, Lionel Hampton, Glenn Miller and Artie Shaw.", "musical    Swing designates in the first place an essential way of being in jazz, one that makes you swing, swing, dance with your body in space. For some authors, swing has accompanied the entire history of jazz, for others, like Andr\u00e9 Hodeir, swing crystallized during the 1930s and 1940s with the advent of big bands.", "actor    entity is an American media personality, socialite, and model. Since 2007, she has starred with her family in the reality television series Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Its success has led to the creation of spin-offs, including Kourtney and Khlo\u00e9 Take Miami and Kourtney and Khlo\u00e9 Take The Hamptons . In 2016, Kardashian hosted her own talk show, Kocktails with Khlo\u00e9. She starred and produced health and fitness docu-series Revenge Body with Khlo\u00e9 Kardashian.", "actor    entity is an Armenian-American television personality, radio host, and model, best known for her role on the reality television series Keeping Up With the Kardashians. In 2012, she is the presenter of the tele-hook The X Factor, in duet with Mario Lopez.", "album    entity is a German progressive metal band started in 2000 by German guitarist Robin Staps. Lo\u00efc Rossetti has been the band's vocalist since the 2010 albums Heliocentric and Anthropocentric.", "album    entity is a German post-metal band from Berlin. The band was founded in 2001 by guitarist Robin Staps. However, the band's first stable line-up dates from 2009 during the recording sessions for the Heliocentric and Anthropocentric albums.", "album    entity is the twenty-eighth single of J-pop group Morning Musume and was released November 9, 2005. It peaked at #4 on the weekly Oricon chart, charting for seven weeks. The limited edition of this single came with five photo cards featuring two members on each card and came in special packaging.", "album    entity is the 28th single by Jpop girl group Morning Musume, released in 2005.", "album    entity is a 1982 British musical psychological drama film directed by Alan Parker, based on the 1979 Pink Floyd album The Wall. The screenplay was written by Pink Floyd vocalist and bassist Roger Waters. Boomtown Rats vocalist Bob Geldof plays rock star Pink, who, driven into insanity by the death of his father, constructs a physical and emotional wall to protect himself.", "album    entity is a musical film directed in 1982 by Alan Parker, based on the double concept album of the English group Pink Floyd. The film alternates filmed sequences with animated sequences on a fast pace. It includes almost no dialogue, the soundtrack essentially using the band's music, some titles being re-recorded for the occasion.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Ryan Adams, released September 25, 2001 on Lost Highway Records. The album remains Adams' best-selling album, certifying entity in the UK and going on to sell 364,000 copies in the U.S. and 812,000 worldwide. Adams noted that \"with entity, I was trying to prove something to myself. I wanted to invent a modern classic.\" Adams' friend and former roommate Adam Duritz lends background vocals to several tracks.", "album    entity is an album by Ryan Adams, released in 2001.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist ScHoolboy Q, released for digital download on January 11, 2011 under Top Dawg Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from his fellow Black Hippy members Kendrick Lamar, Jay Rock and Ab-Soul, as well as vocals from singer-songwriters Alori Joh, Jhen\u8305 Aiko and BJ the Chicago Kid. The album's production was handled by Lord Quest, Willie B, Focus..., Rahki, Phonix Beats, Tae Beast, DJ Wes, King Blue, Sounwave and more.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper ScHoolboy Q, released on January 11, 2011.", "soccer manager    entity is a former Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played four seasons in the National Hockey League for the New York Islanders and New Jersey Devils. Giroux spent time in many NHL organizations before leaving the US to play overseas. He has played in the American Hockey League for the Lowell Lock Monsters, Bridgeport Sound Tigers, Albany River Rats, and Houston Aeros.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "village    entity is a former commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Cou\u00ebtron-au-Perche.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher in the Center Region.", "album    entity is the debut album by French\u9225\u63c2lgerian singer Rachid Taha. It was released by Barclay Records in 1990. A video clip was made for the title track entity.", "album    entity is Rachid Taha's first solo album after the separation from the Carte de S\u00e9jour group, which was released in 1991.", "village    entity is one of the seventy-Seven districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Sindhulimadhi Kamalamai as its district headquarters and covers an area of 2,491 km2 . In 2001, it had a population of 279,821, in 2011 the population was 296,192.", "village    entity is one of the 75 districts of Nepal. It is attached to the Janakpur area and the Center development region. The population of the district stood at 296,192 in 2011.", "album    entity is a hip hop single by American rap group D12, taken as the second cut from their debut studio album, Devil's Night. It achieved notable success, reaching number 19 on the Billboard Hot 100, number two in the United Kingdom, Ireland, and Norway, and the top 10 in Australia, Finland, Flanders, the Netherlands, and Sweden.", "album    entity is a song by American rap group D12, taken from the album Devil's Night released in 2001. Produced by Eminem, it is the second single from Devil's Night. The song is distributed by Interscope Records and Shady Records, a label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg. The song was a great success, ranking first in Ireland, second in the United Kingdom and third in Australia.", "album    entity are an American hip hop band formed in 1987 by Tariq \"Black Thought\" Trotter and Ahmir \"Questlove\" Thompson in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. entity serve as the house band on NBC's The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, having served in the same role on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon from 2009 to 2014. In addition to the band's music, several members of the Roots are involved in side projects, including record production, acting, and regularly serving as guests on other musicians\u2019 albums and live shows.", "album    entity is an American rap group, influenced by other musical genres such as jazz, funk, soul and founded in Philadelphia in 1987 by Black Thought and Questlove.", "video game    entity is an interactive fiction computer game written by Michael Berlyn and Jerry Wolper and was published by Infocom in 1984.", "video game    entity is an interactive fiction video game designed by Michael Berlyn, the creator of Suspended and Infidel, and published by Infocom from 1984 on Amiga, Apple II, Atari 8-bit, Atari ST, Commodore 64, DOS, TRS -80, TI-99/4A and Apple Macintosh. According to Michael Berlyn, it was his brother-in-law's involvement in a rescue operation off the Massachusetts coast that inspired him to create a game about shipwrecks, sunken treasure and diving. . The game is designed", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at N\u00fcrburgring on 3 August 1969. It was race 7 of 11 in both the 1969 World Championship of Drivers and the 1969 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. Twelve Formula Two cars were also entered into the race, though they were not eligible to score points.", "formula one team    Results of the 1969 Formula 1 German Grand Prix held at the N\u00fcrburgring on August 3, 1969.", "village    entity is a city and the state capital of Pahang, Malaysia. It is located near the mouth of the entity River. entity is the 18th largest city in Malaysia based on 2010 population, and the largest city in the East Coast of Peninsular Malaysia. The administrative centre of the state of Pahang was officially relocated to entity on 27 August 1955 from Kuala Lipis and was officiated by HRH Sultan Abu Bakar Ri'ayatuddin Al Muadzam Shah, the Sultan of Pahang.", "village    entity is the capital of Pahang State in Peninsular Malaysia. The city is located near the mouth of the entity River, at the edge of the China Sea. The city is placed halfway between Singapore and Kota Bharu. The population is estimated at 568,000. The population is 57% of Malay origin, 32% Chinese, 10% Indian.", "soccer player    entity was a Brazilian footballer. He played for the following clubs: Ypiranga-SP, Fluminense, Palmeiras, Botafogo, Juventus, Paulista and Rosario Central . He earned 21 caps and scored 9 goals for the Brazil national football team, and was part of the team at the 1950 FIFA World Cup and the 1954 FIFA World Cup.", "soccer player    entity is a Brazilian football player.", "screen writer    entity is an American screenwriter and film director. He is best known for creating the five-part HBO miniseries Chernobyl, based on the nuclear disaster of the same name in 1986. His work earned him two Primetime Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Writing for a Limited Series, Movie, or Dramatic Special and Outstanding Limited Series. Mazin is also known for his work on the parody film genre, namely Scary Movie 3, Scary Movie 4, and Superhero Movie.", "screen writer    entity is an American screenwriter, producer and actor born on April 8, 1971.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Dr. Dre featuring vocalist Nanci Fletcher. It was the only single released from the soundtrack of the movie Friday.", "album    entity is a single by rapper Dr. Dre released on March 7, 1995. From the album Friday, soundtrack to the movie Friday by F. Gary Gray.The song features Funk You Up by The Sequence and KRS-One also sings.An alternate version exists on the Death Row Greatest Hits compilation.Hip-hop portal Hip-hop portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "album    entity is a song recorded by the Rolling Stones in 1966, released in January 1967. The song became the band's fourth number-one hit in the United States and reached number three in the United Kingdom as a double A-side with \"Let's Spend the Night Together\". The song was included in the American version of Between the Buttons . Rolling Stone magazine ranked the song number 310 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.", "album    entity is a Rolling Stones song released as a single in 1967, as a B-side to Let's Spend the Night Together, to promote the Between the Buttons album. These two tracks do not appear on the UK version of the album, but the reworked US version does include them. before Keith Richards completed the song by writing the lyrics.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on October 22, 2012, by Big Machine Records. The album's title refers to the tumultuous, \"red\" emotions Swift experienced during the album's conception; its songs discuss the complex and conflicting feelings resulting from fading romance.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American country artist Taylor Swift. It was released on October 22, 2012 under Big Machine Records. Upon her release, entity was mostly acclaimed by music critics, who praised her versatility as a musician and appreciated her experiments with new musical genres.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Monsanto on 23 August 1959. It was race 7 of 9 in the 1959 World Championship of Drivers and race 6 of 8 in the 1959 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. It was the eighth Portuguese Grand Prix and the second to be held for the Formula One World Drivers' Championship. It was the third time the race was held at Monsanto and the first for Formula One. The race was held over 62 laps of the five kilometre circuit for a total race distance of 337 kilometres.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula 1 race held on August 23, 1959 at the Monsanto Park Circuit in the suburbs of Lisbon.", "village    entity is a German town in the district of Elbe-Elster, Brandenburg.", "village    entity is a city in Brandenburg in Germany.", "prefecture    entity is a county in the east of Guizhou province, China. It is under the administration of the Qiandongnan Miao and Dong Autonomous Prefecture.", "prefecture    entity is an administrative district of Guizhou Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of Qiandongnan Miao and Dong Autonomous Prefecture.", "soccer player    entity is a Congolese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Iraqi club Al-Diwaniya FC on loan from Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya.", "soccer player    entity is a Congolese footballer born in Kinshasa on June 11, 1993. He plays as a midfielder at Club Sportif Sfaxien.", "cardinal    entity was a Roman Catholic cardinal from 1690 to 1702.", "cardinal    entity was a 17th and early 18th century Italian cardinal.", "village    entity is a city on the banks of the Orontes River in west-central Syria. It is located 213 km north of Damascus and 46 kilometres north of Homs. It is the provincial capital of the entity Governorate. With a population of 854,000 , entity is the fourth-largest city in Syria after Damascus, Aleppo and Homs.", "village    entity is a city in Syria, known in antiquity as Epiphania. Of the fortress in the center of the city, there remains only the hill on which it was built on the edge of the Orontes. It was the scene of violent clashes between the Muslim Brotherhood, the Arab nationalists of the Iraqi Baath, the Syrian left and the Syrian army of Hafez el-Assad in February 1982.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band Linkin Park. It was announced as the band's third US, fourth international and overall final single from their fourth studio album, A Thousand Suns, which was released on September 14, 2010. A music video for the song was directed by Joe Hahn, the band's turntablist. entity serves as the theme song for the film Transformers: Dark of the Moon, continuing the streak of the band's songs serving as the theme songs of the Transformers films. The song was also featured on the soundtrack for Kung Fu Panda 2.", "album    entity is the fourth single from Linkin Park's album A Thousand Suns. It was released on May 27, 2010. entity is the soundtrack to the latest Transformers 3: Dark of the Moon, and the third song to make the Transformers soundtrack after What I've Done for the first film and New Divide for the Second movie.", "album    entity is the thirty-fifth studio album by American recording artist Prince. It was released on July 10, 2010, by NPG Records as a free covermount with the Daily Mirror and Daily Record in the UK and Ireland, and Het Nieuwsblad and De Gentenaar in Belgium. It was also released on July 22, 2010, with Rolling Stone magazine in Germany, and Courrier International in France.", "album    entity is a studio album by musician Prince. The album was released on July 10, 2010 under NPG Records, the disc was distributed free of charge with The Daily Mirror and Daily Record newspapers in the UK and Ireland, and Het Nieuwsblad and De Gentenaar in Belgium.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Magnitogorsk, Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. They are members of the Kharlamov Division of the Kontinental Hockey League. They also competed in the Champions Hockey League, losing the 2008\u201309 season championship round to Swiss club, the ZSC Lions. entity won the Gagarin Cup in the 2013\u201314 KHL season and the 2015\u201316 KHL season.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey club of Russia based in Magnitogorsk. He plays in the KHL.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor, playwright, and screenwriter. Although he appeared in many classic films from the 1930s through the 1960s, he became best-known for his role as General Martin Peterson on the 1960s NBC television comedy series I Dream of Jeannie, with Barbara Eden and Larry Hagman.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor and screenwriter.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Larouche played two seasons in the National Hockey League split between the Ottawa Senators, New York Rangers, and Los Angeles Kings from 1994\u20131996.", "tennis player    entity is a professional ice hockey player playing at the center position.", "musical artist    entity is also referenced in the lyrics to the songs \"Jelly Roll Gum Drop\" on Zappa's album Cruising with Ruben & the Jets and \"Debra Kadabra\" by Frank Zappa and Captain Beefheart on their collaborative album Bongo Fury . Zappa listed Chuck Higgins as a re", "musical artist    entity is an American rhythm and blues saxophonist and singer, born in Gary, Indiana in 1924.", "album    entity is a song by Canadian rock band Nickelback. It was released in September 2004 as the fourth single from their 2003 album The Long Road. The song was included in the MX vs. ATV Unleashed soundtrack.", "album    entity is the twelfth single from Nickelback and the fourth from their 2003 album The Long Road.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor. He is the recipient of various accolades, including the Volpi Cup for Best Actor, in addition to receiving nominations for four Academy Awards, four Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, and a British Academy Film Award. He is also known for his frequent collaborations with filmmakers Paul Schrader, Abel Ferrara, Lars von Trier, Julian Schnabel, and Wes Anderson.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, screenwriter and producer, born July 22, 1955 in Appleton. Director Paul Schrader's favorite actor, he has also toured several times with directors as diverse and varied as Abel Ferrara, Lars von Trier, Sam Raimi , Martin Scorsese , Wes Anderson (Life Aquatic, Fantastic Mr.", "video game    entity is an independent, privately held American video game company. The company was established in 2005 by Erez Goren and Todd Harris. entity' games include the squad-based shooter Global Agenda, the critically acclaimed Tribes: Ascend, the third-person MOBA Smite, the hero shooter Paladins, and the third-person shooter Rogue Company. In 2012, entity was recognized as a Top 30 Video-Game Developer by Game Developer Magazine and Gamasutra. Hi-Rez are the current owners of the Metaltech license, including Battledrome, Earthsiege, Starsiege, the CyberStorm series, and the Tribes series. With the exception of Battledrome and CyberStorm, the games were released as freeware by Hi-Rez on October 30, 2015.", "video game    entity is an American video game development company founded in 2005. In 2014, entity invested $10 million to expand its offices and recruit 30 new people.", "village    entity is a commune in the Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9 in eastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire in the Burgundy region.", "comedian    entity is a Norwegian former professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for F\u00e4rjestad BK in Elitserien. He was selected by the Columbus Blue Jackets in the 3rd round of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft. Tollefsen was selected to play for the Norway men's national ice hockey team at the 2010 Winter Olympics.", "comedian    entity is a Norwegian professional ice hockey player.", "screen writer    entity was an American actress with a career spanning more than 50 years and 100 acting credits. She was noted for playing unsympathetic, sardonic characters, and was famous for her performances in a range of film genres, from contemporary crime melodramas to historical films, suspense horror, and occasional comedies, although her greater successes were in romantic dramas. A recipient of two Academy Awards, she was the first thespian to accrue ten nominations.", "screen writer    entity was an American film actress, renowned for her strong personality and artistry expressed over a career spanning six decades and spanning more than a hundred films. Founder of the Hollywood Canteen and one of the most beloved film actresses of her age movie gold, Bette Davis is", "screen writer    entity was a Kurdish film director, screenwriter, novelist, and actor. He quickly rose to prominence in the Turkish film industry. Many of his works were devoted to the plight of ordinary working-class people in Turkey. G\u00fcney won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 1982 for the film Yol he co-produced with \u015eerif G\u00f6ren. He was at constant odds with the Turkish government because of his portrayals of Kurdish culture, people and language in his movies. After his conviction in a trial in 1974 for killing a judge, something Y\u0131lmaz claimed to be innocent of, he fled the country and later lost his citizenship. One year before his death, in 1983, he co-founded the Kurdish Institute of Paris together with the Kurdish poets Cegerxw\u00een and He", "screen writer    entity is a Turkish director , screenwriter, director, actor and writer of Kurdish origin. He is famous for his many films highlighting the customs and living conditions of the Kurdish peasant world and of the common people of working-class neighborhoods restricted to precarious, painful and laborious jobs, then forced to submit to political oppression and the flowing capitalism which inevitably annihilates them.", "album    entity is a 1988 song recorded by the French artist Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. The song was released as a single twice: as the second single from her second studio album Ainsi soit je... on 4 April 1988, and as the second single in a live version from her second live album Live \u00e0 Bercy on 20 August 1997. Both versions achieved a relative success on the charts, failing twice to reach the top ten in France.", "album    entity is the eighth single of Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's career, released in April 1988. It is the second extract from the eponymous album.", "village    Wysocki est un village polonais de la gmina de Gzy dans le powiat de Pu\u0142tusk de la vo\u00efvodie de Mazovie dans le centre-est de la Pologne.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of Gzy in Pu\u0142tusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "military conflict    entity is the second studio album by the German power metal band Iron Savior. It continues the science fiction story that began on the first album Iron Savior. It is the only album to feature former Gamma Ray and Freedom Call drummer Dan Zimmermann.", "military conflict    entity is the second studio album by German progressive heavy metal band Iron Savior.", "village    Ba\u0142owo ist ein Ortsteil von Zyndaki in der polnischen Woiwodschaft Ermland-Masuren und geh\u00f6rt zur Landgemeinde Sorkwity im Powiat Mr\u0105gowski .", "village    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Sorkwity, in the county of Mr \u0105 gowo , in the voivodeship of Warmia-Masuria.", "screen writer    entity is an English writer whose fame came with her first book, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit, a semi-autobiographical novel about a sensitive teenage girl rebelling against convention. Other novels explore gender polarities and sexual identity and later ones the relations between humans and technology. She broadcasts and teaches creative writing. She has won a Whitbread Prize for a First Novel, a BAFTA Award for Best Drama, the John Llewellyn Rhys Prize, the E. M. Forster Award and the St. Louis Literary Award, and the Lambda Literary Award twice. She holds an Officer of the Order of the British Empire and a Commander of the Order of the British Empire , and is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature.", "screen writer    entity is a British novelist.", "single    entity is ranked among history's most influential mathematicians.", "single    entity was a German mathematician, astronomer and physicist. He made very important contributions to all three areas.", "village    entity is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Mayenne in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 210 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a village in Rusk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 237 at the 2010 census.", "village    entity is a village located in Rusk County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 237 at the 2010 census.", "musical artist    entity is an American singer, songwriter and record producer. He is best known for producing the singles \"I Wish\" for Carl Thomas, \"Heard It All Before\" for Sunshine Anderson, \"Full Moon\" for Brandy and \"One Woman Man\" for Dave Hollister.", "musical artist    entity is an American R'n'B & Hip-hop producer.", "sea    entity is a Japanese light novel series written by Hiroki Iwata and illustrated by Toshiyuki Sat\u014d following Mamoru Yoshimura and his far-from-normal high school life with girlfriend Ayako Takasu, who possess magical powers called \"Beatrice\". The series was first published on September 25, 2003 by MediaWorks. An anime television series adaptation animated by Zexcs was broadcast on Wowow from October 6, 2006, to March 30, 2007, airing 24 episodes.", "sea    entity is a Japanese light novel series written by Hiroki Iwata and illustrated by Toshiyuki Sat\u014d. It follows the life of young high school student Mamoru Yoshimura and his girlfriend Ayako Takasu, who possesses magical powers called \"Beatrice\".", "video game    entity is a 2004 puzzle video game developed and published by Namco for the Nintendo DS. Controlling one of six characters, the player must make it to the bottom of each stage by destroying, colored formations of blocks while preventing their oxygen meter from depleting. Multiple different gamemodes are present, including a single-player campaign, a time-attack mode, and a competitive multiplayer mode. It is the sixth entry in the Mr. Driller series.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game developed and published by Namco released in 2004 for Nintendo DS and DSiWare.", "river    entity is a major north-flowing river in northeastern Africa. It flows into the Mediterranean Sea. The longest river in Africa, it has historically been considered the longest river in the world, though this has been contested by research suggesting that the Amazon River is slightly longer. entity is amongst the smallest of the major world rivers by measure of cubic metres flowing annually. About 6,650 km long, its drainage basin covers eleven countries: Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Ethiopia, Eritrea, South Sudan, Republic of the Sudan, and Egypt. In particular, the Nile is the primary water source of Egypt, Sudan and South Sudan. Additionally, the Nile is an important economic river, supporting agriculture and fishing.", "river    entity is a river in Africa. With a length of approximately 6,700 km, it is, together with the Amazon River, the longest river in the world. It comes from the meeting of the White Nile and the Blue Nile. The White Nile originates at Lake Victoria ; the Blue Nile originates from Lake Tana.", "musical artist    entity is a family of musical instruments in the woodwind group. Unlike woodwind instruments with reeds, a flute is an aerophone or reedless wind instrument that produces its sound from the flow of air across an opening. According to the instrument classification of Hornbostel\u2013Sachs, flutes are categorized as edge-blown aerophones. A musician who plays the flute can be referred to as a flute player, flautist, flutist or, less commonly, fluter or flutenist.", "musical artist    entity is a wind musical instrument whose sound is created by the vibration of a breath of air splitting on a straight bevel, notch or ring. This breath may be directed through a duct or through the instrumentalist's lips or come from a mechanical wind tunnel .", "comics creator    entity is an American jurist and writer. He was the presiding judge of the Superior Court of Orange County, California. Gray was the 2012 Libertarian Party vice presidential nominee, as well as the party's 2004 candidate for the United States Senate in California. He is the author of multiple books and a play, and is an outspoken critic of American drug laws. He unsuccessfully sought the Libertarian presidential nomination in the 2020 election.", "comics creator    entity is an American jurist and politician . He was the Libertarian Party's running mate for the 2012 US presidential election, alongside candidate Gary Earl Johnson. He was also the libertarian candidate in California in the 2004 US senatorial elections. He is also the author of several books in which he is particularly critical of the US anti-drug policy.", "musical artist    entity was an American jazz pianist, composer, and arranger. Originating in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Marmarosa became a professional musician in his mid-teens, and toured with several major big bands, including those led by Tommy Dorsey, Gene Krupa, and Artie Shaw into the mid-1940s. He moved to Los Angeles in 1945, where he became increasingly interested and involved in the emerging bebop scene. During his time on the West Coast, he recorded in small groups with leading bebop and swing musicians, including Howard McGhee, Charlie Parker, and Lester Young, as well as leading his own bands.", "musical artist    Born December 12, 1925 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, American pianist and composer Michael \"Dodo\" Marmarosa died of a heart attack on September 17, 2002.", "album    entity is the third studio album by Qu\u8305b\u8305cois singer and musician Daniel B\u8305langer. It was his first album to incorporate electronic music elements into his sound, which B\u8305langer attributed to the influence of recent music by Beth Orton, DJ Shadow and Depeche Mode. It was certified platinum in January 2002 for selling more than 100,000 copies. The album's supporting tour was noted for the participation of the then-unknown Ariane Moffatt as a keyboardist and backing vocalist.", "album    entity is the fourth musical album by Quebec singer-songwriter Daniel B\u00e9langer released in 2001.", "album    entity is an instrumental track from Daft Punk's 1997 album Homework. It was released as the fifth and final single from the album in 1998. The music video for the track was directed by Roman Coppola.", "album    entity is an instrumental track by French electronic music group Daft Punk, released in January 1997. It is the 5th and final single from their debut album Homework, released in 1997. The title of the song alludes to the drum machine TR-909 that the band uses for their compositions.", "screen writer    entity is an American film director, screenwriter and cinematographer known for directing Capricorn One , the 1981 science fiction-thriller Outland, the 1984 science fiction film 2010: The Year We Make Contact , the 1986 action/comedy Running Scared, the comic book adaptation Timecop, the action film Sudden Death , and the horror films The Relic and End of Days.", "screen writer    entity is an American director, producer and screenwriter, born July 26, 1943 in New York. He also serves as director of photography on most of his films.", "screen writer    entity is the stage name of Aaron Coady, an American drag performer and recording artist. A self-described \"stupid genius, reviled sweetheart, and PBR princess\", Needles rose to international attention on the fourth season of the Logo reality competition series RuPaul's Drag Race, where she quickly became a fan favorite and was subsequently crowned \"America's Next Drag Superstar\" in April 2012. After winning Drag Race, her debut album PG-13 was released in January 2013. It debuted at number 186 on the Billboard 200 and number nine on Dance/Electronic Albums. Since, Needles has released the US Dance/Electronic chart top-ten albums Taxidermy and Battle Axe .", "screen writer    entity is the stage name of Aaron Coady, American drag queen and singer. Coady rose to prominence by winning season four of RuPaul's Drag Race in April 2012.", "screen writer    entity is an Italian actor and screenwriter well known for his frequent collaborations with notorious director Joe D'Amato. He is most famous for his role as the insane, cannibalistic serial killer Klaus Wortmann in the gory 1980 horror film Antropophagus . He also played a similar role in its 1981 follow-up, Absurd. Both films were directed by D'Amato and written by Eastman.", "screen writer    entity is Luigi Montefiori, is an Italian B series actor, director and screenwriter, born August 16, 1942 in Genoa.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by the English rock band the Beatles. It was released on 4 December 1964 in the United Kingdom on EMI's Parlophone label. The album marked a departure from the upbeat tone that had characterised the Beatles' previous work, partly due to the band's exhaustion after a series of tours that had established them as a worldwide phenomenon in 1964. entity was not widely available in the US until 1987, when the Beatles' catalogue was standardised for release on CD. Instead, eight of the album's fourteen tracks appeared on Capitol Records' concurrent release, Beatles '65, issued in North America only.", "album    entity is the fourth Beatles album, released on December 4, 1964 in the United Kingdom. It was conceived while Beatlemania was in full swing, following the release of the album A Hard Day's Night. According to the will of manager Brian Epstein and producer George Martin, the group must, at this time, respect a rhythm of two albums per year, this one having to be released in time for the end of the year celebrations.", "tennis player    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. Nikulin is currently playing with TUTO Hockey in the Finnish Mestis.", "tennis player    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Hockenheimring on 31 July 1977. It was the eleventh race of the 1977 World Championship of F1 Drivers and the 1977 International Cup for F1 Constructors. The German Grand Prix was moved to Hockenheim following Niki Lauda's accident at the N\u00fcrburgring in 1976. This was the second time the race was held at Hockenheim, the first being in 1970. The 47-lap race was won by Lauda, driving a Ferrari. Jody Scheckter finished second in a Wolf-Ford, having started from pole position, while Hans-Joachim Stuck was third in a Brabham-Alfa Romeo.", "formula one team    Results of the 1977 Formula 1 German Grand Prix held at the Hockenheimring on July 31, 1977.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa S\u00f3l, within Nowa S\u00f3l County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres west of Nowa S\u00f3l and 21 km south-east of Zielona G\u00f3ra. In 2008 the village had a population of 666.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Nowa S\u00f3l in Nowa S\u00f3l County, Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.", "politician    entity is a French politician who is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the 8th constituency of the Alpes-Maritimes department, and is a member of the Republicans. His constituency covers the Riviera resort of Cannes.", "politician    entity is a French politician, deputy and mayor of Cannes, graduated from HEC in 1962 and has a degree in economics.", "actor    entity is an American rapper. He was born in Port St. Lucie, Florida and raised in Deerfield Beach, Florida. He was signed to record producer DJ Khaled's label We the Best Music Group in 2008, in a joint-venture with Def Jam Recordings. He has released four studio albums with his most successful of which being Blood, Sweat & Tears and Trials & Tribulations . The albums contained his highest charting singles, \"Hustle Hard\" and \"Bugatti\" , respectively. In 2016, McColister announced his departure from We the Best Music and is currently working as an independent artist.", "actor    entity is an American rapper.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States, bordering Virginia, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia to its south and west; Pennsylvania to its north; and Delaware and the Atlantic Ocean to its east. Baltimore is the largest city in the state, and the capital is Annapolis. Among its occasional nicknames are Old Line State, the Free State, and the Chesapeake Bay State. It is named after the English Queen Henrietta Maria, known in England as Queen Mary, who was the wife of King Charles I.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the Northeastern United States. Its capital is Annapolis, and its largest city is Baltimore. With an area of \u200b\u200bonly 32,160 km2 and a population of 5,773,552, it is one of the smallest states in the country but also one of the most densely populated.", "film    entity is a 1930 German film directed by Alexandre Volkoff", "film    entity is a German film directed by Alexandre Volkoff, released in 1930.", "vice president    entity is a Zimbabwean ecologist, livestock farmer, and president and co-founder of the Savory Institute. He originated Holistic management, a systems thinking approach to managing resources. Savory received the 2003 Banksia International Award and won the 2010 Buckminster Fuller Challenge. Prince Charles called him \"a remarkable man\" and noted farmer Joel Salatin wrote, \"History will vindicate Allan Savory as one of the greatest ecologists of all time.\"", "vice president    entity is a Zimbabwean ecologist who specializes in research aimed at combating desertification through sustainable grazing.", "tennis player    entity is a former Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League from 1980 to 1990.", "tennis player    entity is a professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League from 1980 to 1990.", "album    entity are a British rock band formed in London in 1964. Their classic lineup consisted of lead singer Roger Daltrey, guitarist and singer Pete Townshend, bass guitarist and singer John Entwistle, and drummer Keith Moon. They are considered one of the most influential rock bands of the 20th century, and have sold over 100 million records worldwide. Their contributions to rock music include the development of the Marshall Stack, large PA systems, the use of the synthesizer, Entwistle and Moon's influential playing styles, Townshend's feedback and power chord guitar technique, and the development of the rock opera. They are cited as an influence by many hard rock, punk rock and mod bands, and their songs are still regularly played.", "album    entity are a British rock band formed in London in 1964.", "cricketer    entity is a Hungarian professional ice hockey Winger who currently plays for D\u00fcsseldorfer EG of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga . He previously played in the Swedish Hockey League with Modo Hockey and Leksands IF.", "cricketer    entity is a Hungarian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a striker.", "album    entity is the third studio album by entityn electronic musician Dan Deacon, released August 27, 2012 on Domino Records. The album cover is a photo of Lake Placid.", "album    entity is an album by entityn musician Dan Deacon, released on August 27, 2012 on Domino Records. The album cover is a photo of Lake Placid", "disease    entity is an EP by the British extreme metal band Cradle of Filth, released in October 2011. A companion piece to the 2010 album Darkly, Darkly, Venus Aversa, it contains two new tracks in \"Transmission from Hell\" and \"Thank Your Lucky Scars\", plus demo versions of some Venus Aversa tracks. An orchestral version of \"Summer Dying Fast\" is also included as a taster for the subsequent Midnight in the Labyrinth collection. The CD was originally packaged with a DVD containing a documentary, a live show from 25 June 2011's Graspop festival , and the promo video for \"Lilith Immaculate\".", "disease    entity is an EP by extreme metal band Cradle of Filth released on October 18, 2011. It contains one CD and one DVD.", "village    entity is a Central Sudanic language spoken in southern South Sudan and parts of the Democratic Republic of Congo.", "village    entity is a Nilo-Saharan language of the Central Sudanic branch of languages \u200b\u200bspoken in South Sudan, as well as in Faradje, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.", "economist    entity was an American economist and statistician who received the 1976 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for his research on consumption analysis, monetary history and theory and the complexity of stabilization policy. With George Stigler and others, Friedman was among the intellectual leaders of the Chicago school of economics, a neoclassical school of economic thought associated with the work of the faculty at the University of Chicago that rejected Keynesianism in favor of monetarism until the mid-1970s, when it turned to new classical macroeconomics heavily based on the concept of rational expectations. Several students, young professors and academics who were recruited or mentored by Friedman at Chicago went on to b", "economist    entity is an American economist born July 31, 1912 in New York and died November 16, 2006 in San Francisco, considered one of the most influential economists of the twentieth century. Holder of the \u201cNobel Prize for Economics\u201d in 1976 for his work on \u201cthe analysis of consumption, monetary history and the demonstration of the complexity of stabilization policies\u201d, he was an ardent defender of liberalism.", "album    entity is a toy plane made out of paper.", "album    entity is a song by London artist MIA. It is the fourth single from her second album, Kala, released in August 2007.", "album    entity is a song recorded by American rock band the Doors for their 1968 album Waiting for the Sun. Elektra Records released it as a single that same year, which topped the charts in the U.S. and Canada. Although the Doors are credited as the songwriters, songs by other artists have been identified as likely sources. Apart from the single's success, a portion of the band's fans consider the tune does not represent the Doors sound, due to its commercial nature and shallow lyrics, while it has also been the subject of plagiarism controversy.", "album    entity is a song by The Doors, released in 1968 on their third album, Waiting for the Sun. Released as a single, it topped the charts in the United States. Its opening riff has been compared to that of the Kinks song All Day and All of the Night.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres north-east of Przysucha and 91 km south of Warsaw. In 2005 the village had a population of 210.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Przysucha in Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "soccer manager    entity is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher who plays for of the Nicaraguan Professional Baseball League . He formerly played for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball , and the Samsung Lions of the Korea Baseball Organization .", "soccer manager    entity is a left-handed Major League Baseball pitcher with the Colorado Rockies.", "album    entity is the third studio album of American singer Whitney Houston released on November 6, 1990, by Arista Records. The album has been certified quadruple platinum in the US by the RIAA.", "album    entity is Whitney Houston's third studio album. It was released in 1990 and marked Whitney Houston's first collaboration with the associated producers: LA Reid and BabyFace. This album was a great international success, even if it sold a little less than the singer's two previous records. It still generates 2 titles ranked number 1 : I'm your baby tonight and All the man that I need.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest, released on November 9, 1993, by Jive Records. Recording sessions for the album occurred at Battery Studios, Platinum Island Studios and Scorcerer Sound in New York City. Its production was mainly handled by Q-Tip, with contributions from Skeff Anselm, Large Professor and the group's DJ, Ali Shaheed Muhammad. A culmination of the group's two previous albums, it features an eclectic, gritty sound based on jazz, funk, soul and R&B samples, in addition to socially conscious, positively-minded, and humorous lyrics.", "album    entity is the third studio album by A Tribe Called Quest, released on November 9, 1993. The album ranked #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #8 on the Billboard 200.", "soccer player    entity is a French former professional footballer who played as a midfielder or striker.", "soccer player    entity is a Franco-Cameroonian footballer born on January 6, 1972 in \u00e9pinay-sur-Seine and measuring 1.88 m for 82 kg. He lives in Cannes and works mainly in Turkey, a country he adores and in which he has \"great notoriety\".", "vice president    entity is the national post and telegraph directorate of Turkey. Formerly, the organization was named Posta Telgraf Telefon. After the privatization of the telephone telecommunications service business, the directorate was renamed, keeping its acronym. It is headquartered in Ankara, and is known as TURKISH POST internationally.", "vice president    entity is located at the courtyard of Yeni Cami in Istanbul. Its first managers, S\u00fcleyman Aga and Sofyali A\u011fyazar were appointed translators in order to translate the addresses of postal items written in languages \u200b\u200bother than Turkish.", "soccer manager    entity was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger who played six seasons in the National Hockey League for the Hamilton Tigers, New York Americans and Boston Bruins. He won the Stanley Cup in 1929 with the Boston Bruins. Green was born in Sudbury, Ontario. His older brother Shorty Green was also a hockey player in the NHL.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "military unit    entity was a corps-sized formation of the United States Army that was active in both World War I and World War II. It was originally formed and fought on the Western Front during World War I and was also the first American formation of any size to see combat in North Africa or Europe during World War II.", "military unit    entity is a corps of the United States Army created in 1918 and which participated in the First and Second World Wars.", "single    entity is a retired United States Army four-star general who served in Afghanistan as Commander, International Security Assistance Force . He served concurrently as Commander, United States Forces \u2013 Afghanistan from October 6, 2008, to June 15, 2009.", "single    entity is an American general born on December 11, 1950. He joined the army in 1972. He has held various positions in Europe, Korea and Southwest Asia. He thus participated in operations in Bosnia and was commander of ground forces during the Third Gulf War . Its main commands were: the 1st battalion of the 35th armored regiment of the 3rd armored division from 1988 to 1990. the 1st brigade of the 1st cavalry division from 1993 to 1995.", "musical artist    entity is a Scottish musician. He won the 1997 Mobo Award for best reggae act, and the 1998 BRIT Award for Best Male Solo Artist.", "musical artist    entity is a Scottish musician. He won a MOBO Award for Best Reggae Song in 1997, and a Brit Award for Best British Solo Artist in 1998.", "manga    entity is a Japanese light novel series written by Usagi Nakamura and illustrated by Takeru Kirishima.", "manga    entity is an anime, or Japanese cartoon, featuring an atypical mercenary by the name of \"Gokudo\". This work is a comedy and thus draws caricatural characters, drawn into incredible stories because of their sharp characters.", "dam    entity is a river in Haiti in the Ouest department. Downstream, one arm is channeled towards the \u8121tang Saum\u8292tre, another joined the and the Trou Ca\u8302man.", "dam    entity is a watercourse that flows in Haiti in the Ouest department. Downstream, one of its arms is channeled towards the Saumatre pond, another joins the Boucanbrou canal and the Trou Ca\u00efman lake.", "album    entity is a song written by Gregg Alexander and Sophie Ellis-Bextor, produced by Alexander and Matt Rowe for Ellis-Bextor's first album, Read My Lips . Released on 3 December 2001, the song peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart and stayed on the chart for 23 weeks. The song became a top-10 hit worldwide except in the United States, where it was added to radio in September 2002. entity is reported to have been the most played song in Europe in 2002.", "album    entity is a song by British singer Sophie Ellis-Bextor released on December 3, 2001. The 2nd single from her 2nd studio album Read My Lips, the song was written by Gregg Alexander, Sophie Ellis-Bextor and produced by Gregg Alexander, Matt Rowe. After the single Take Me Home released in August 2001, Sophie Ellis-Bextor released her best-selling single of her career. The single reached number 2 in the UK Singles Chart. and remains 33 weeks in this ranking.", "video game    entity is a 2009 first-person shooter game developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision. It is the sixth installment in the Call of Duty series and the direct sequel to Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, continuing the storyline. It was released worldwide on November 10, 2009, for Microsoft Windows, the PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. A separate version for the Nintendo DS, titled Modern Warfare: Mobilized, was also released on the same day. A version for macOS was developed by Aspyr and released in May 2014, and the Xbox 360 version was made backward compatible for the Xbox One in 2018.", "video game    entity is a first-person shooter developed by Infinity Ward, and published by Activision. It will be released worldwide on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and Microsoft Windows on November 10, 2009. A direct storyline sequel to Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, it is the first spin-off of the Modern Warfare series, as followed by Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 from November 2011.", "album    entity is an album by American country music artist George Jones, released on February 28, 1989 on Epic Records.", "album    entity is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released on February 28, 1989 on the Epic Records label. This is Jones' penultimate album with producer Billy Sherrill.", "album    entity is the self-titled debut album by American girl group entity. It was first released by Bad Boy and Atlantic Records on August 22, 2006 in the United States. After winning the third installment of the reality talent contest Making the Band in late 2005, Diddy and Bad Boy vice president Harve Pierre consulted a wide range of musicians to work with the quintet, including Timbaland, Danja, Rodney \"Darkchild\" Jerkins, Mario Winans, Bryan Michael Cox, Rami, Ryan Leslie, Scott Storch and Jim Jonsin.", "album    entity is the title of the first album of the homonymous group entity, released in 2006. Two singles, Show Stopper and Ride for You, are taken from this album.", "album    entity is a remix album by American vocalist Gil Scott-Heron and English music producer Jamie xx, released on February 21, 2011, by Young Turks and XL Recordings. A longtime fan of Scott-Heron, Jamie xx was approached by XL label head Richard Russell to remix Scott-Heron's 2010 studio album I'm New Here. He worked on the album while touring with his band The xx in 2010 and occasionally communicated with Scott-Heron through letters for his approval to rework certain material.", "album    entity is a remix album by American singer Gil Scott Heron and music producer Jamie 'xx' Smith released on February 21, 2011 through XL Recordings and Young Turks Records. This is the album I'm New Here by Scott-Heron released in 2010 reworked by Jamie xx. Smith incorporates influences into the album from dubstep and UK Garage.", "sports league    entity is a professional association football club based in Kings Park, Boscombe, a suburb of Bournemouth, Dorset, England. The team compete in the Championship, the second tier of the English football league system. Formed in 1899 as Boscombe, the club adopted their current name in 1971. Nicknamed \"The Cherries\", Bournemouth have played their home games at Dean Court since 1910. Their home colours are red and black striped shirts, with black shorts and socks, inspired by that of Italian club A.C. Milan.", "sports league    entity is an English football club founded in 1899. The club, based in Bournemouth, plays in the Championship.", "screen writer    entity was an American cinematographer.", "screen writer    entity is an American cinematographer, member of the ASC. He is generally credited Donald E. Thorin.", "dam    entity is an Indian river flowing through the states of Karnataka and Tamil Nadu. In Ancient times, It was also called as Ponni in Tamil literature. entity river rises at Talakaveri in the Brahmagiri range in the Western Ghats, Kodagu district of the state of Karnataka, at an elevation of 1,341 m above mean sea level and flows for about 800 km before its outfall into the Bay of Bengal. It reaches the sea in Poompuhar in Mayiladuthurai district. It is the third largest river \u2013 after Godavari and Krishna \u2013 in southern India and the largest in the State of Tamil Nadu, which, on its course, bisects the state into North and South.", "dam    entity is one of the main rivers of southern India, 950 km long.", "actor    entity is a Swedish-born Danish actor. He has appeared in more than 40 films and television shows since 1998. He starred in the film Dark Horse, which was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2005 Cannes Film Festival. In 2009, he portrayed the Danish Prince Carl/King Haakon VII of Norway in the Norwegian TV-miniseries Harry & Charles. Maria Bonnevie played his wife, Maud. Since 2010 he has been starring in the Swedish crime series The Sandhamn Murders.", "actor    entity is a Swedish-Danish actor born on January 10, 1973.", "film    entity is a 2014 American comedy film directed by Nick Cassavetes, written by Melissa Stack, and starring Cameron Diaz, Leslie Mann, Kate Upton, Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, Nicki Minaj, Taylor Kinney, and Don Johnson. The film follows three women\u2014Carly , Kate , and Amber \u2014who are all romantically involved with the same man . After finding out about each other, the trio take their revenge on him.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Nick Cassavetes and written by Melissa Stack, released in France on June 18, 2014.", "screen writer    entity was an English film director. His career spanned half a century, beginning in the early 1940s and ending in 2002. His career peaked in the 1960s with large-scale adventure films; in all, Annakin directed nearly 50 pictures.", "screen writer    entity is a British director.", "film    entity is a 2010 American computer-animated Christmas television special produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Tim Johnson. A spinoff of the Kung Fu Panda franchise, the special stars the voices of Jack Black, Angelina Jolie, Dustin Hoffman, Jackie Chan, Seth Rogen, David Cross, Lucy Liu, James Hong, and Jack McBrayer. The special premiered on NBC on November 24, 2010, and its premiere broadcast drew 5.9 million viewers.", "film    entity is a 2010 American animated special film, directed by Tim Johnson and written by Jonathan Groff and Jon Pollack, based on characters from the Kung Fu Panda film series. It first aired on November 24, 2010 in the United States on NBC.", "city    entity is a county in South East England which borders Kent to the east, East Sussex to the southeast, West Sussex to the south, Hampshire to the west, Berkshire to the northwest, and Greater London to the northeast. With about 1.2 million people, entity is the 12th-most populous English county, the third-most populous home county, after Kent and Essex, and the third-most populous in the Southeast, after Hampshire and Kent.", "city    entity is a county in the southeast of England south of Greater London, which is part of the Home Counties and also borders Kent, East Sussex, West Sussex, Hampshire and Berkshire. Its traditional capital is the town of Guildford, although its county council is in Kingston upon Thames.", "village    entity is a commune in the Dr\u00f4me department in southeastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dr\u00f4me in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "film    entity is a 2008 computer-animated adventure fantasy film directed by Sam Fell and Rob Stevenhagen . It is loosely based on the 2003 novel of the same name by Kate DiCamillo. The film is narrated by Sigourney Weaver and stars Matthew Broderick, Emma Watson, Robbie Coltrane, Dustin Hoffman, Richard Jenkins, Kevin Kline, Frank Langella, William H. Macy, James Nesbitt, Tony Hale, Christopher Lloyd, Tracey Ullman, Ciar\u00e1n Hinds, and Stanley Tucci. The animation was provided by Framestore Animation.", "film    entity is an American-British animated film directed by Sam Fell and Robert Stevenhagen, released in 2008. This film, starring Emma Watson and Matthew Broderick, is based on the book by same name. It was released on December 19, 2008 in the United States and was distributed by Universal Studio.", "village    entity is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the village had a population of 1862 living in 355 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 2206, of which 33% was literate.", "village    entity is a village development committee in Nepal located in Achham district. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 2,630.", "album    entity is a hip hop single by the rap group D12 from their debut album Devil's Night. The song features various lyrics about violence and dangerous street fighting except in two verses: Bizarre's, which features various graphic subjects, namely oral sex with his grandmother, and Eminem's, which talks about the youth, how they feel and how they relate with this song and other songs. The song was produced by Dr. Dre. entity is also included on the greatest hits disc of Shady Records' 15th anniversary compilation, Shady XV, which was released on November 24, 2014. The song was also used as an outro in the 2012 movie Project X .", "album    entity is a single composed by the American rap group D12, taken from the album Devil's Night released in 2001. Produced by Dr. Dre and Scott Storch, it is the fourth single from Devil's Night. The song is distributed by Interscope Records and Shady Records, a label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg. The song met with some success, particularly in the British Isles.", "comics creator    entity was a philosopher, a highly decorated Imperial German soldier, author, and entomologist who became publicly known for his World War I memoir Storm of Steel.", "comics creator    entity is a German writer.As a contemporary and witness to European history of the 20th century, J\u00fcnger took part in the two world wars in the shock troops during the first and in the uniform of the Wehrmacht as an officer of occupation military administration in Paris from 1941.", "album    entity is the eighteenth studio album by Buckethead, and his fourth tour-only album. It was originally only sold on his 2006 tour, but was later made available on Travis Dickerson's record label TDRS music, until it eventually went out of print.", "album    entity was released in 2006. It contains the following tracks: King James; duration: 3:57 Gory Head Stump 2006 the Pageant of the Slunks; duration: 5:31 The Fairy and the Devil; duration: 2:58 Buddy Berckman's ballad; duration: 3:40 Mad Monster Party; duration: 3:24 Soothsayer; duration: 9:05 Col. Austin vs Col. Sanders A.K.A.", "album    entity is an album featuring the history of the career of Robert Plant, from 1966 to a recording done at the Festival in the Desert in Mali. The album was released in 2003 and contains songs from Plant's eight solo albums up to the time of its release on its first disc, and rarities on its second disc. Some of his well-known songs were omitted from this release, such as \"Burning Down One Side\", \"Moonlight in Samosa\", \"Slow Dancer\", \"Other Arms\", \"In the Mood\", and \"Hurting Kind \".", "album    entity is a compilation by English rock singer Robert Plant. It was released on November 4, 2003 as a double compact-disc on the Mercury Records label.", "film    entity is a song written and recorded by English singer-songwriter David Bowie for his sixteenth studio album Tonight . One of only two tracks on the album to be written entirely by Bowie, it was released as a single ahead of the album and charted within the Top 10 in the UK and the United States, peaking at No. 6 and No. 8, respectively. The song is loosely inspired by Eddie Cochran. entity would remain in Bowie's live repertoire for the rest of his career, being performed on his Glass Spider Tour , Sound+Vision Tour and A Reality Tour .", "film    entity is a song by David Bowie released in 1984 on the album Tonight. entity. It charted in the Top 10 in the United Kingdom and the United States, as well as in other countries.", "comics creator    entity was born in the mining town of Tarkwa in western Ghana in 1948. He was the only boy amongst seven sisters. He lost his father at an early age and was primarily raised by his mother. He was married to Monicah Asami, who later changed her name to Caroline Odoi. They had three daughters Maureen Atulo, Francesca Ajua Odoi and Francine Ashardey Odoi.", "comics creator    entity was a cartoonist.", "album    entity is a song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. The song appeared on their 1988 album Blow Up Your Video as the first track. The song was later on Live. The song was also released as a single in various formats, with \"Go Zone\" as the main B-side. On reaching No.12 in the UK singles chart in 1988, it became their biggest UK chart hit and remained so for 25 years until Highway to Hell reached No.4 in December 2013.", "album    entity is a song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. The song is the first track from Blow Up Your Video, released in 1988. The song is also featured live on the Live album. The song had been released in multiple single formats with mostly Go Zone B-side formats.", "comics creator    entity is a French economic and social theorist, writer, political adviser and senior civil servant, who served as a counselor to President Fran\u00e7ois Mitterrand from 1981 to 1991, and was the first head of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development from 1991 to 1993. In 1997, upon the request of education minister Claude All\u00e8gre, he proposed a reform of the higher education degrees system. From 2008 to 2010, he led the government committee on how to ignite the growth of the French economy, under President Nicolas Sarkozy.", "comics creator    entity is a French economist, writer and senior civil servant, born on November 1, 1943 in Algiers. State Councillor, professor of economics, special adviser to Fran\u00e7ois Mitterrand from 1981 to 1991, then founder and first president of the European Bank for reconstruction and development in 1991, in 2008 he chaired the Commission for the release of French growth. He currently heads the PlaNet Finance group and the Attali & Associ\u00e9s group.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by Welsh rock band Funeral for a Friend. It was released on 13 October 2003 through Atlantic Records and was produced by Colin Richardson with co-production by the band themselves. The cover of the album as well as its subsequent singles is based on a small series of paintings by Belgian artist Ren\u00e9 Magritte titled: \"The Lovers\".", "album    entity is the debut album by Welsh post-hardcore band Funeral for a Friend, released on October 20, 2003, by Atlantic Records, Mighty Atom Records and Ferret Records.", "village    entity is a municipality in the province of C\u00e1ceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2005 census , the municipality has a population of 2173.", "village    entity is a municipality in Spain, in the province of C\u00e1ceres, autonomous community of Extremadura.", "film    entity is a silent comedy short film starring Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy prior to their official billing as the duo Laurel and Hardy. The team appeared in a total of 107 films between 1921 and 1950", "film    entity is an American silent film comedy by Fred Guiol released in 1927.", "album    entity is the self-titled debut by the band entity released in 2002.", "album    entity is the debut album by Canadian band entity, released in 2002.", "album    entity is the thirteenth single by Japanese recording artist Aya Ueto, released February 15, 2006 as the third and final single from Ueto's fourth studio album License.", "album    entity is the 13th single by Aya Ueto released under the Pony Canyon label on February 15, 2006 in Japan. It reached number 15 in the Oricon rankings. It sold 9,546 copies in the first week, and remained charted for 4 weeks, for a total of 12,888 copies sold. Egao no Mama de was used as the ending theme for the show Kurii Mushichuu no Tarirarira~n. Egao no Mama de can be found on the License album and on the Best of Aya Ueto: Single Collection compilation.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Romanian singer and songwriter Alexandra Stan for her Japan-only reissue, Clich\u00e9 . It was released for radio airplay in Italy on 12 June 2012, followed by its digital release on 14 June 2012 through MediaPro Music in Romania and on 1 August 2012 in Japan. Written and produced by Marcel Prodan and Andrei Nemirschi, the single incorporates EDM, reggae-pop and dubstep into its composition; it makes use of harmonica and accordions. Upon its release, entity was met with positive reviews from music critics, with them naming it \"catchy\", \"fresh\" and a highlight, while one of them foresaw it as having a strong radio performance. It also drew comparations to the works of Britney Spears, Kelis and Lady Gaga. At the Radio Rom\u00e2nia Actualit\u0103\u021bi Awar", "album    entity is a song by Romanian artist Alexandra Stan released on October 7, 2012. The single is from the reissue of her debut studio album titled Saxobeats. The song is written and produced by Marcel Prodan and by Andrei Nemirschipar. The single succeeds One Million released in 2011. The single is successful in Eastern Europe.", "album    entity is a studio album by American musicians Iggy Pop and James Williamson, both formerly of the rock band the Stooges. It was recorded as a demo in 1975 but released in altered form in November 1977 by record label Bomp!.", "album    entity is Iggy Pop's third album, in collaboration with James Williamson, released in 1977. According to Iggy Pop, Williamson sold the tapes of the disc to Bomp! Records without his consent.", "soccer player    entity is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Born in Lebanon, he was granted Kuwaiti citizenship to play for the Kuwait national team.", "soccer player    entity is a Kuwaiti international football player of Lebanese descent, who played as a goalkeeperHe is also a Quran reciter.", "village    entity is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the \u00cele-de-France region in north-central France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Seine-et-Marne in the \u00cele-de-France region. Its inhabitants are called Villecomtois.", "film    entity is a 1954 British independent comedy film directed by Mario Zampi and starring David Niven, Yvonne De Carlo, Barry Fitzgerald and George Cole. In the film, the accidental death of an Irish landowner leads his relative to take over the estate, much to the dissatisfaction of the locals. It was released in the United States under the alternative title Tonight's the Night.", "film    entity is a 1954 British film directed by Mario Zampi.", "village    entity is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Miko\u8242ajki, within Mr\u81aegowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany .", "village    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Miko \u0142 ajki, in the county of Mr \u0105 gowo, in the voivodeship of Warmia-Masuria.", "musical artist    entity is an American musician who is the co-founder, frontman, rhythm guitarist and co-lead vocalist of the rock band Kiss. He is the writer or co-writer of many of the band's most popular songs. Stanley established The Starchild character for his Kiss persona. In 2006, Hit Parader ranked him 18th on their list of the Top 100 Metal Vocalists of All Time. A Gibson.com readers' poll in 2010 named him 13th on their list of Top 25 Frontmen.", "musical artist    entity is an American musician, born January 20, 1952, in Manhattan, New York. He is known for being one of the vocalists and the rhythm guitarist of the hard rock band Kiss.", "album    entity is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Madonna for her third greatest hits album of the same name . It was written and produced by Madonna, Paul Oakenfold and Ian Green, with additional writing from Ciaran Gribbin. The song was released digitally on July 31, 2009 by Warner Bros. Records. Madonna collaborated with Oakenfold to develop a number of songs. Amongst all the songs developed by them, two were chosen for the greatest hits album with entity being released as the first single from it. It is a dance-oriented song with influences of Madonna's singles from the 1980s and 1990s, and consisting of a speak-sing format bridge. The lyrics of the song invite one to come and join a party.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Madonna, taken from her third compilation album of the same name and released as the lead single from that album on September 22, 2009 by Warner Bros. Records.", "village    entity is a commune in the H\u00e9rault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of H\u00e9rault in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called the Pom\u00e9rolais.", "album    entity is a song by British alternative rock band Gorillaz. It was released on 10 April 2006 in the United Kingdom as a double A-side, and the fourth and final singles from their album Demon Days. entity, along with its other A-side \"Kids with Guns\", reached number 27 upon its release in the UK. The song's music video brings back certain elements from the band's music video for \"Feel Good Inc.\", released the year before.", "album    entity is a song by the fictional group Gorillaz led by Damon Albarn, which appeared on the album Demon Days. It is the fourth and final single from this album, and the only double-A-side single since it was released with Kids With Guns. Unlike its predecessors taken from Demon Days, \"Kids With Guns\" / \"entity\" reached number 27 in the English charts but not the top 10 in Britain.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by the American grunge band Paw. It was released in 1993 through A&M Records. It sold around 80,000 copies. The single \"Jessie\" released in 1993, reached number 82 in the UK. Other singles from the album included \"Lolita\" in 1992 and \"Sleeping Bag\" and \"Couldn't Know\" in 1993. In 2015, the album was re-released by Cherry Red Records Ltd. with all the b-sides from the singles as bonus tracks as well as extensive liner notes and slightly different artwork .", "album    entity is the first album of the American group Paw. It was released in May 1993 on the A&M label during the Grunge period. It was recorded in Madison, Wisconsin between September and December 1992 and mixed in New York by Andy Wallace.", "video game    entity is a 1997 air combat video game developed and published for the PlayStation by Namco. It is the sequel to Air Combat and the second in the Ace Combat franchise, with gameplay being presented in a more arcade-like format. The player controls one of 24 different fighter jets through 21 different missions with certain objectives to fulfill, such as protecting a base from enemy fire, intercepting a squadron of enemies, or taking down an aircraft carrier.", "video game    entity is a combat flight simulator developed and published by Namco in 1997 for PlayStation. It is part of the Ace Combat series.", "vice president    entity is the naval warfare service branch of the South Korean armed forces, responsible for naval and amphibious operations. The ROK Navy includes the Republic of Korea Marine Corps, which functions as a branch of the Navy. The ROK Navy has about 70,000 regular personnel including 29,000 Republic of Korea Marines. There are about 160 commissioned ships with the ROK Navy. The naval aviation force consists of about 70 fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft. The ROK Marine Corps has about 300 tracked vehicles including assault amphibious vehicles.", "vice president    entity is the military navy of the South Korean Armed Forces, \"in charge, organized as a force for the purpose of naval and amphibious operations and training\". The Republic of Korea Navy includes the Republic of Korea Marine Corps, which is a virtually self-contained unit.", "film    entity is a 1995 American crime drama film directed by Spike Lee. It is an adaptation of the 1992 novel of the same name by Richard Price, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Lee. The film stars Harvey Keitel, John Turturro, Delroy Lindo, and Mekhi Phifer in his debut film role. Set in New York City, entity tells the story of Strike , a street-level drug dealer who becomes entangled in a murder investigation.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Spike Lee, released in 1995. It is adapted from the eponymous novel by American author Richard Price published in 1992.", "album    entity is the thirteenth studio album recorded by The Stranglers. It was produced by Gang of Four's Andy Gill. The media launch-party for entity was held on 13 December 1996 at EuroDisney in Paris, and featured live performances of tracks from the effort. Other tracks performed at the event include \"Always the Sun\", \"Golden Brown\" and \"Let Me Introduce You to the Family\". The week the album was released, the band performed at several HMV branches including those located in Birmingham, Nottingham, Sheffield and Leeds.", "album    entity is an album by The Stranglers released in January 1997 on Eagle Records.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for Boxers de Bordeaux in the French Ligue Magnus.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "vice president    entity is a former United States Air Force lieutenant general who served as the director of the National Security Agency and the Defense Intelligence Agency, retiring on May 1, 1999.", "vice president    entity is an American Lieutenant General in the United States Air Force who served as Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency from 1995 to 1996 before becoming Director of the NSA from February 1996 to March 1999.", "album    entity is a song by English singer and songwriter Amy Winehouse from her second and final studio album of the same name . It was released by Island Records on 30 April 2007 as the album's third single. The song was written by Winehouse and Mark Ronson, and produced by the latter. entity was inspired by Winehouse's relationship with Blake Fielder-Civil, who had left her for an ex-girlfriend.", "album    entity is the title track from Amy Winehouse's second album, entity. It was later featured on Glee.", "screen writer    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman/winger. A professional player for nearly 10 seasons, Scott saw National Hockey League action with the Minnesota Wild, Chicago Blackhawks, New York Rangers, San Jose Sharks, Buffalo Sabres, Arizona Coyotes and Montreal Canadiens. Scott was born in Edmonton, Alberta, but grew up in St. Catharines, Ontario. He graduated from Michigan Technological University in 2006. A film based on Scott's final professional season and the events surrounding his All-Star appearance is currently in development.", "screen writer    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who plays as a left winger.", "soccer player    entity is a Honduran football midfielder who currently plays for Platense in the Primera Division of Honduras.", "soccer player    entity is a Honduran footballer. He currently plays for Platense in Puerto Cort\u00e9s in the Liga Nacional of Honduras. S\u00e1nchez was part of the Honduran national under-23 team which was coached by Colombian coach Alexis Mendoza but also by Gilberto Yearwood. The Honduran national under-23 team were CONCACAF champions and qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics.", "musical artist    entity is an American underground rapper. Afu-Ra is a member of the Gang Starr Foundation, and has worked closely with its members, Gang Starr, Jeru the Damaja, Big Shug, Group Home, and others.", "musical artist    entity is an American rapper. His originality in the artistic milieu of American hip-hop is that he mixed the Rastafarian style with martial arts. He was the protege of rapper Jeru the Damaja and then became part of the Gang Starr Foundation.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by American hip-hop group Outlawz, consisting of members Hussein Fatal, Young Noble and E.D.I.. entity missed its original March 2011 release date and was finally released on September 13, 2011, the fifteenth anniversary of 2Pac's death.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by Outlawz, released on September 13, 2011.", "university    entity is named \"Universities of Sciences and Literature\" rather than \"University of Sciences\". In January 2015, Montpellier 1 University and Montpellier 2 University merged into the Montpellier University .", "university    entity is the heiress of the University of Montpellier created in 1289. Its main campus is located north of Montpellier and several branches are located in the region. It is one founding members of PRES Sud de France. It merges with the University of Montpellier 1 on January 1, 2015 to form the University of Montpellier.", "prime minister    entity was led by Sadashivrao Bhau who was third in authority after the Chhatrapati and the Peshwa . The main Maratha army was stationed in Deccan with the Peshwa.", "prime minister    The Third Battle of Panipat took place on 14 January 1761 at Panipat, located 98 km north of Delhi. The battle pitted the expeditionary forces of the Marathas, supported by the French, against the light cavalry of the Afghans led by Emperor Ahmad Shah Durrani, ending in the defeat of the Maratha army.", "album    entity is a song recorded by American group Black Eyed Peas, taken from their fourth studio album Monkey Business . It was written by band members will.i.am, Fergie, George Pajon, Jr. and Printz Board; will.i.am also produced and engineered the song. The song features compositional samples of songs derived from two Bollywood films of the 1970s, Apradh and Don , as well as interpolations of Lisa Lisa and Cult Jam's 1985 single \"I Wonder If I Take You Home\" and Gucci Crew II's 1988 single \"Sally \". The song was released as the first single from Monkey Business; it was first serviced to mainstream radio on April 11, 2005, in the United States.", "album    entity is a song by American band The Black Eyed Peas from the album Monkey Business. The track was released as the album's lead single on April 12, 2005. The song was written by William Adams, Stacy Ferguson, Printz Board, George Pajon Jr., Full Force, Anadi, Indewar and produced by will.i .am.", "comics creator    entity was an American science fiction writer and editor. He was editor of Astounding Science Fiction from late 1937 until his death and was part of the Golden Age of Science Fiction. Campbell wrote super-science space opera under his own name and stories under his primary pseudonym, Don A. Stuart. Campbell also used the pen names Karl Van Kampen and Arthur McCann. His novella Who Goes There? was adapted as the films The Thing from Another World , Horror Express , The Thing , and The Thing .", "comics creator    entity was an American science fiction writer and editor. As a writer, he distinguished himself mainly in the genre of space opera, sometimes using the pseudonym of Don A. Stuart, which he reserved for his most innovative stories published in Pulps magazines.", "member of parliament    entity was an Ethiopian military officer and politician who served as head of state of Ethiopia from 1974 to 1977 in his role as second chairman of the Derg, the ruling military junta. His official title was Chairman of the Provisional Military Administrative Council.", "member of parliament    entity is an Ethiopian politician.", "album    entity is an album by The Shamen, released in 1990. It was the first Shamen album to feature Mr C, and the last to feature Will Sinnott . It fused the band's past psychedelic rock sounds with the rave act it became, developing a style that represented multicultural dance music.", "album    entity is a Shamen album, released in 1990. It is the first album in which Mr. C participated, and the last in which Will Sin participated.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, playwright, screenwriter, and director.", "screen writer    entity is an American writer, actor and director.", "video game    entity is the fourth installment of the Puyo Puyo puzzle game series, created by Compile for the Dreamcast, PlayStation, Nintendo 64 and Game Boy Color. Like many of the Puyo Puyo games, it was never officially released outside Japan. The title of Puyo Puyo~n comes from the Japanese word yon , signifying the fourth game in the series. Plans were made for a 64DD version entitled Puyo Puyo~n 64 , but it was later cancelled for the N64 release.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game released in 1997 for Nintendo 64, PlayStation, Dreamcast and Game Boy Color only in Japan. The game was developed and published by Compile. The game is part of the Puyo Puyo series.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosn\u00f3w, within Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-east of Czosn\u00f3w, 11 km south-east of Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki, and 23 km north-west of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Czosn\u00f3w in Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki County, Mazowieckie Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 4 kilometers southeast of Czosn\u00f3w, 11 kilometers south southeast of Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki and 23 kilometers northwest of Warsaw.", "musical artist    entity is a Japanese musician, DJ, record producer, songwriter, composer, and arranger. He formed the band Capsule in 1997 with vocalist Toshiko Koshijima and himself as composer and record producer when both were 17. The band debuted in 2001 with the song \"Sakura\". As of September 25, 2019, Nakata has yielded a total of ten number-one albums, mostly under his production with Perfume and Kyary Pamyu Pamyu .", "musical artist    entity is a Japanese electronic music DJ and producer. He is notably a member of the capsule duo with Toshiko Koshijima and producer of the group Perfume.", "comics creator    entity is an American record producer and rapper. After graduating from Berklee College of Music in 2005, he became a producer for Dr. Dre\u9225\u6a9a record label Aftermath Entertainment. He received his first formal credit on 50 Cent\u9225\u6a9a Get Rich or Die Tryin' soundtrack, and contributed to several songs on Busta Rhymes' number 1 album, The Big Bang, as well as Jay-Z's return record, Kingdom Come. Parker co-wrote the number 1 single, \"Crack a Bottle\", by Eminem, Dr. Dre and 50 Cent, and co-produced nearly every track on Relapse.", "comics creator    entity is an American rap producer.", "actor    entity is an American singer-songwriter, author and actress. Born and raised in Washington metropolitan area, Amerie gained an appreciation of the classical arts from her mother Mi Suk Rogers and of music from her father Charles Rogers, and she also studied dance from an early age and performed in talent contests. After her High School graduation, her family settled down in Virginia while she began to attend Georgetown University, from which she later graduated with a degree in English and Fine Arts. While living in Washington, D.C., she met producer Rich Harrison, who worked with such performers as Mary J. Blige, and began developing demos with her. This led to a deal with Rise Entertainment and, in turn, major-label Columbia Records", "actor    entity is an American R'n'B singer and songwriter.", "album    entity is Kalafina's fifth single. The title track is the opening theme song of NHK's Rekishi Hiwa Hientity, a historical documentary series. The single was also available as a limited edition release, containing a bonus DVD.", "album    entity is the 5th single by Kalafina released under the Sony Music Entertainment Japan label on July 1, 2009 in Japan. It reached number 15 in the Oricon rankings. It sold 4,887 copies in the first week, and remained listed for 4 weeks for a total of 7,093 copies sold. It comes out in CD and CD+DVD format.entity was used as the theme music for the show Rekishi Hiwa Historia. entity is on the Red Moon album.", "military unit    entity is a unit of the French Army, dominantly infantry, part of the French Airborne Units and specialized in air combat and air assault. The brigade's primary vocation is to project in emergency in order to contribute a first response to a situational crisis. An elite unit of the French Army, the brigade is commanded by a g\u00e9n\u00e9ral de brigade with headquarters in Balma near Toulouse. The brigade's soldiers and airborne Marines wear the red beret except for the Legionnaires of the 2e REP who wear the green beret.", "military unit    entity is a unit of the French Army, predominantly infantry, composed of airborne troops and specialized in airborne combat and air assault. Its priority vocation is emergency projection in order to provide an initial response to a crisis situation. An elite unit of the French army, it is commanded by a brigadier general whose staff is based in Balma, near Toulouse.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Ku\u010devo, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 464 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in Ku\u010devo Municipality, Brani\u010devo District . At the 2011 census, it had 406 inhabitants.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem from his fifth studio album Encore . It was released as the fifth single from the album in April 2005. It peaked at number eleven on the Billboard Hot 100, and number four in the United Kingdom. It received a Grammy nomination for Best Rap Solo Performance, but lost to Gold Digger by Kanye West. entity was later included on Eminem's greatest hits compilation album Curtain Call: The Hits .", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem. Released on April 25, 2005, it served as the fourth single from Eminem's fifth studio album, Encore. The song is produced by Eminem himself and Luis Resto. Once again, the rapper talks about his relationship with his daughter Hailie, his adopted daughter Alaina and the problems he encounters with their mother Kim.", "village    entity is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a locality in the gmina of Przytyk in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Kesha, taken from her debut studio album Animal . The song was written by Kesha in collaboration with Max Martin and Shellback; the latter two also produced the song, while all three are responsible for the instrumentation. The song's conception stems from an encounter Kesha had with an older man that had been hitting on her, which she compared to a prehistoric dinosaur. The lyrics discuss an older man that is attempting to hit on a younger female, which is ultimately rejected. The song received generally negative reviews from music critics.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Kesha, from her debut studio album Animal. The song was written by Kesha in collaboration with Max Martin and Shellback; the latter two also produced the song, while all three handled the instrumentation.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American rock band Talking Heads, released on August 3, 1979, by Sire Records. It was recorded at locations in New York City during April and May 1979 and was produced by the quartet and Brian Eno. The album reached number 21 on the Billboard 200 and number 33 on the UK Albums Chart. It spawned the singles \"Life During Wartime\", \"I Zimbra\", and \"Cities\".", "album    entity is the Talking Heads' third studio album, released on August 3, 1979. The album charted at number 21 on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on September 17, 1985. that only reaching number 29 on the UK charts, music journalist Lester Bangs declared it to be the Heads' \"best album to date\". It is part of the book The 1001 albums that you must have listened to in your life.", "village    entity is a commune in the Loz\u00e8re department in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Loz\u00e8re in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called Sainte-Eulalais.", "comics creator    entity is one of 13 stories in the cycle collected as The Return of Sherlock Holmes. It was first published in Collier's in the United States on 30 April 1904, and in The Strand Magazine in the United Kingdom in May 1904.", "comics creator    entity is one of fifty-six short stories by Arthur Conan Doyle featuring detective Sherlock Holmes. It first appeared on April 30, 1904 in the American weekly Collier's Weekly, before being grouped with other short stories in the collection The Return of Sherlock Holmes.", "village    entity is the most densely populated and geographically smallest of the five boroughs of New York City. It is the urban core of the New York metropolitan area, and coextensive with New York County, one of the original counties of the U.S. state of New York. Manhattan serves as the city's economic and administrative center, cultural identifier, and historical birthplace. The borough consists mostly of Manhattan Island, bounded by the Hudson, East, and Harlem rivers; as well as several small adjacent islands. Manhattan additionally contains Marble Hill, a small neighborhood now on the U.S. mainland, separated from the rest of Manhattan by the Harlem Ship Canal and later connected using landfill to The Bronx. Manhattan Island is divided into", "village    entity is one of the five boroughs of New York City, it partly corresponds to the island of entity, with an area of \u200b\u200b58.8 km2, surrounded by the Hudson River to the west, the East River to the east, Upper New York Bay to the south, and Harlem River to the north.", "vice president    entity is the Anne T. and Robert M. Bass Professor of Physics and Applied Physics at Stanford University. Along with Horst L. St\u00f6rmer of Columbia University and Daniel C. Tsui of Princeton University, he was awarded a share of the 1998 Nobel Prize in physics for their explanation of the fractional quantum Hall effect.", "vice president    entity is an American physicist. In 1998, he received, together with Horst L. St\u00f6rmer and Daniel Tsui, the Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on the fractional quantum Hall effect.", "state    entity is a U.S. state in the upper Midwest of the country. It is named after the indigenous Lakota and Dakota Sioux, who historically dominated the territory and remain a large community. entity is bordered by the Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba to the north and by the U.S. states of Minnesota to the east, South Dakota to the south, and Montana to the west. It is believed to host the geographic center of North America, situated in the town of Rugby, and is home to the tallest man-made structure in the Western Hemisphere, the KVLY-TV mast.", "state    entity is a state in the Midwest of the United States, bordered to the west by Montana, to the north by the Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan and Manitoba, to the east by Minnesota and to the south by South Dakota .", "screen writer    entity was a Generalmajor, in the Luftwaffe, during World War II.", "screen writer    entity was a German general in the Luftwaffe, active during World War II. He was commander of Flughafen-Bereichskommando 9/XI in April 1942.", "sea    entity is a 1934 American Monogram Western film directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne, Sheila Terry, George \"Gabby\" Hayes, and Earl Dwire. It was the tenth of the Lone Star westerns. The picture was made on a budget of $11,000, shot in less than a week at Red Rock Canyon north of Los Angeles, and released by Monogram on Nov. 22, 1934. The film remains an unusual showcase for Earl Dwire in the lead villain's role.", "sea    entity is a 1934 American film directed by Robert N. Bradbury.", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by British musician Brian Eno. Produced by Eno and Rhett Davies, it was originally released by Polydor Records in December 1977 in the United Kingdom and by Island U.S. soon after. Musicians from the U.K. and Germany collaborated on the album, including Robert Wyatt of Soft Machine, Fred Frith of Henry Cow, Phil Manzanera of Roxy Music, Paul Rudolph of Hawkwind, Andy Fraser of Free, Dave Mattacks of Fairport Convention, Jaki Liebezeit of Can, and Dieter Moebius and Hans-Joachim Roedelius of Cluster. Over one hundred tracks were written with only ten making the album's final cut. The musical styles of the album range from energetic and jagged to languid and pastoral.", "album    entity is an album by Brian Eno released in late 1977.", "village    entity is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Corse-du-Sud and the Corse region.", "screen writer    entity was a prolific costume designer who worked on more than 150 projects throughout his career in the Hollywood film industry. Born in Oakland, California, Plunkett studied law at the University of California, where he was a member of the California-Alpha chapter of Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity, but showed greater interest in the school's theatrical group. He moved to New York City in 1923 and began work as a stage actor as well as a costume and set designer. After some time in Greenwich Village, he moved back to California, this time to Hollywood, and found work as a movie extra. He soon made a career change", "screen writer    entity was an American costume designer for the cinema. He received 9 nominations and won an Oscar for Best Costume Design for An American in Paris.", "album    entity is a song composed and performed by English alternative rock band Keane, officially released as the first single from their debut album, Hopes and Fears . The single peaked at number three on the UK Singles Chart during its first week of sales. It was also Keane's best-selling single until \"Is It Any Wonder?\" in 2006. In 2013, the song was covered by Lily Allen for a John Lewis Christmas advert.", "album    entity is an Alternative Rock song by the band Keane released on February 16, 2004. 3rd official commercial single and 1st single from their debut studio album Hopes and Fears. This song released on February 16, 2004, is considered their first major commercial success for the band around the world, the song reached #3 in the UK in the first week of sales. With the single Is It Any Wonder? in 2006, it was their biggest hit.", "athlete    entity is an American professional basketball player for the Liaoning Flying Leopards of the Chinese Basketball Association . Tyler was drafted with the 39th pick in the 2011 NBA draft by the Charlotte Bobcats but immediately traded to the Golden State Warriors.", "athlete    entity is an American professional basketball player. Tyler is 2.08m tall and plays at center and power forward.", "comics creator    entity is as synonymous with symbiosis as Charles Darwin's is with evolution.\" In particular, Margulis transformed and fundamentally framed current understanding of the evolution of cells with nuclei \u2013 an event Ernst Mayr called \"perhaps the most important and dramatic event in the history of life\" \u2013 by proposing it to have been the result of symbiotic mergers of bacteria. Margulis was also the co-developer of the Gaia hypothesis with the British chemist James Lovelock, proposing that", "comics creator    entity is an American microbiologist, professor at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. She is known for having presented, in the 1960s, her endosymbiotic theory which proposes that eukaryotic cells are the result of a series of symbiotic associations with different prokaryotes.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Washington Nationals, Detroit Tigers, and Milwaukee Brewers. Zimmermann was a two-time MLB All-Star, and co-led the National League in wins in 2013. In 2014, Zimmermann pitched the first no-hitter in Washington Nationals history.", "soccer manager    entity is a right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher playing with the Washington Nationals. On September 28, 2014, he pitched the first no-hitter in Nationals history.", "grand prix    entity was held at the Olympic Stadium on 6\u20138 August. The times in the three semi-finals were very close, but while Allyson Felix appeared to put a minimum of effort to hold off Murielle Ahour\u00e9 in heat two, in heat one Veronica Campbell-Brown dipped at the finish to edge Carmelita Jeter and in heat three Sanya Richards-Ross raced Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce to the line. Semoy Hackett set the Trinidad and Tobago national record as the first time qualifier, Myriam Soumar\u00e9 only one hundredth behind as the other time qualifier in 22.56.", "grand prix    The women's 200m event at the 2012 Olympics takes place on August 6 for the heats, August 7 for the semi-finals and August 8 for the final at London's Olympic Stadium.", "american football player    entity is a former American football quarterback who played for 21 seasons in the National Football League . He played college football at Miami, where he was an All-American and won the Heisman Trophy in 1986.", "american football player    entity is an American football player who played as a quarterback.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres south-east of Gostynin and 104 km west of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Gostynin in Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 5 kilometers southeast of Gostynin and 104 kilometers west of Warsaw.", "disease    entity is the tenth studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura, released in 2006 through SPV Records. It is a concept album based on the three sections of Dante Alighieri's The Divine Comedy; Inferno , Purgatorio and Paradiso . This is the last album to feature Igor Cavalera on drums.", "disease    entity is the 10th studio album by Brazilian death metal band Sepultura, released in 2006 through SPV Records. It is a concept album based on Dante Alighieri's triptych, the Divine Comedy, whose three parts are Hell, Purgatory and Heaven.", "vice president    entity is a rapid transit system serving Greater London and some parts of the adjacent counties of Buckinghamshire, Essex and Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom.", "vice president    entity is the metropolitan network that serves Greater London and the surrounding areas of Essex, Hertfordshire and Buckinghamshire. It is the first metro in the world.", "album    entity is a single released by the British rock band Status Quo in 1976. It was included on the album Blue for You. The song concerns a young man's encounter with a prostitute. The B-side was \"Drifting Away\", from the band's 1974 album Quo. The song was reprised, in 2014, for the band's thirty-first studio album Aquostic . It was featured in the ninety-minute launch performance of the album at London's Roundhouse on 22 October, the concert being recorded and broadcast live by BBC Radio 2 as part of their In Concert series.", "album    entity is the second single from the album Blue for You by English band Status Quo. Shortened by almost three minutes from the version on the album which is 6 minutes 44 seconds long, it will reach number 11 in the charts . British. The B side is a track from the album Quo, Drifting Away.", "basketball team    entity is a position in American football, arena football, and Canadian football, on the offense. entity is often a hybrid position with the characteristics and roles of both an offensive lineman and a wide receiver. Like offensive linemen, they are usually lined up on the offensive line and are large enough to be effective blockers. On the other hand, unlike offensive linemen, they are eligible receivers adept enough to warrant a defense's attention when running pass patterns. Offensive formations may have as few as zero or as many as three tight ends at one time.", "basketball team    entity is an American football or Canadian football player playing on the offensive team. A hybrid player, his role is both to block opponents and to receive passes from the quarterback.", "screen writer    entity is mostly known for his role as Chief of Staff of the Regio Esercito during World War I from November 1917. He managed to stop the Austro-Hungarian advance along the Piave River in the First Battle of Monte Grappa. In June 1918, he led the Italian forces to a major victory at the Second Battle of the Piave River. A few months later, he achieved a decisive victory in the Battle of Vittorio Veneto, which ended the war on the Italian Front. He is celebrated as one of the greatest generals of the war.", "screen writer    entity is a high-ranking Italian soldier of the First World War.", "mountain    entity is a 1907-meter mountain in the Allg\u00e4u Alps of Bavaria, Germany near Reutte, Tyrol, Austria. The K\u00fchgundspitze is a rock head with cross in the Northeast part of the mountain of the Tannheimer Tal pull off.", "mountain    entity is a mountain culminating at 1,907 m in the Allg\u00e4u Alps, on the border between Germany and Austria. The K\u00fchgundspitze is a rocky peak with a cross at the ridge northeast of the mountain overlooking the Tannheim Valley.", "village    entity is a county in South West England which borders Gloucestershire and Bristol to the north, Wiltshire to the east, Dorset to the south-east and Devon to the south-west. It is bounded to the north and west by the Severn Estuary and the Bristol Channel, its coastline facing southeastern Wales. Its traditional border with Gloucestershire is the River Avon. entity's county town is Taunton.", "village    entity is bounded by the city of Bristol and Gloucestershire to the north, Wiltshire to the east, Dorset to the south east and Devon to the south west. It is partly bounded to the north and west by the Bristol Channel and the Severn Estuary.", "cricketer    entity was a Brazilian footballer who played as a striker.", "cricketer    entity was a Brazilian footballer who played as an interior player.", "village    entity is one of nine administrative districts of Southern and Eastern Serbia. It expands in the north-eastern parts of Serbia. According to the 2011 census results, it has a population of 180,480 inhabitants. The administrative center of the district is Po\u017earevac. It is named after the village of Brani\u010devo.", "village    entity is an administrative subdivision of the Republic of Serbia. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 180,480. The administrative center of the entity is the town of Po \u017e arevac.", "album    entity is the second single from The Black Eyed Peas' fifth album The E.N.D., produced by French DJ David Guetta. The song was released on May 21, 2009, and debuted at number two on the Canadian and Billboard Hot 100, behind the group's previous single \"Boom Boom Pow\", making the group one of 11 artists who have occupied the top two positions of the Billboard Hot 100 at the same time. It reached number one on the US charts and 20 charts worldwide.", "album    entity is the fifth single from the album The END by American band Black Eyed Peas.", "military conflict    entity was Napoleon's final campaign of the War of the Sixth Coalition. Following their victory at Leipzig in 1813, the Austrian, Prussian, Russian, and other German armies of the Sixth Coalition invaded France. Despite the disproportionate forces in favour of the Coalition, Napoleon managed to inflict some defeats, especially during the Six Days' Campaign. However, the campaign ended in total defeat for Napoleon as the Coalition kept advancing towards Paris as Napoleon was out of position to defend the capital, which capitulated in late March 1814. When Napoleon proposed the army march on Paris, his Marshals decided to unanimously overrule Napoleon in order to save Paris from further destruction. As a result, Napoleon was deposed and exiled to Elba and the", "military conflict    entity is the end of the war linked to the Sixth Coalition, which takes place from January to April 1814 and during which Napoleon I tries to avoid or stop the invasion of France and to keep his throne.", "screen writer    entity is the patriarch of the four generations of the Huston acting family, including his son John, grandchildren Anjelica Huston, Danny Huston, Allegra Huston, and great-grandchild Jack Huston. The family has produced three generations of Academy Award winners: Walter, his son John, and granddaughter Anjelica.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor born in Toronto on April 5, 1883, died April 7, 1950 in Hollywood, California, United States.", "volcano    entity is the seventh novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik. This installment features the adventures of William Laurence and his dragon, Temeraire, in South America. entity was released in hardcover and e-Book formats in North America and the United Kingdom by Voyager Books on March 6, 2012.", "volcano    entity is a novel written by Naomi Novik, published in 2012 and translated into French the same year. It is the seventh book in the Reckless fantasy novel series.", "record label    entity is a Chilean state owned copper mining company. It was formed in 1976 from foreign-owned copper companies that were nationalised in 1971. The headquarters are in Santiago and the seven-man board of directors is appointed by the President of the Republic. It has the Minister of Mining as its president and six other members including the Minister of Finance and one representative each from the Copper Workers Federation and the National Association of Copper Supervisors.", "record label    entity is a company 100% owned by the Chilean state. It is the largest copper producer in the world with reserves for 200 years. entity produces 21% of the world's annual ore volume. A recent study by the American bank Goldman Sachs in January 2006 estimated the value of the company between 24.5 and 27.5 billion US dollars.", "screen writer    entity is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.", "screen writer    entity is a South Korean director and screenwriter born August 8, 1963 in Jeonju.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey team from Siberia based in Novokuznetsk, Kemerovo Oblast, Russia. They are currently members of the Supreme Hockey League .", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey club in Russia, located in Novokuznetsk. He plays in the KHL.", "album    entity is the tenth solo studio album by American rapper Fat Joe. The album was released July 27, 2010 by Terror Squad Entertainment and E1 Music. The album's production was handled by Cool & Dre, Streetrunner, DJ Infamous, Just Blaze, Scram Jones, DJ Premier, Raw Uncut, and Scoop DeVille, among others. The album also featured guest appearances came from Trey Songz, Too Short, R. Kelly, Cam'ron, Clipse, Lil Wayne and Young Jeezy.", "album    entity is Fat Joe's tenth studio album, released July 27, 2010. The album, which ranked #2 on Top Independent Albums, #7 on Top Rap Albums, #9 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and #27 on Billboard 200, was well received by critics. Metacritic gave it a score of 70/100.", "album    entity is a song by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails from their second studio album, The Downward Spiral , written by Trent Reznor. It was released on April 17, 1995 as a promotional single from the album. The song received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Rock Song in 1996.", "album    entity is a song written by Trent Reznor which is the first single from The Downward Spiral album. She received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Song in 1996. Johnny Cash's 2002 cover of \"entity\" was critically acclaimed as one of the last songs the band performed. artist before his death.", "cricketer    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre and right wing who played for the Hartford Whalers, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Toronto Maple Leafs, St. Louis Blues, and Washington Capitals.", "cricketer    entity is a Canadian ice hockey player and coach. He plays as a center", "village    entity is a town and municipality located in the Brani\u010devo District of the eastern Serbia. It is situated the right bank of the Danube river and left bank of the Pek river. In 2011, the town has a total population of 6,204, while the municipality has 17,610.", "village    entity is a town and municipality in Serbia located in the district of Brani \u010d evo. At the 2011 census, the city had 5,868 inhabitants and the municipality of which it is the center 17,559 .", "album    entity is a song by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden. It is the third single from their ninth studio album, Fear of the Dark, released in 1992.", "album    entity is a single by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden. This title comes from the album Fear of the Dark released in 1992.", "album    entity is the third solo studio album by the American singer and songwriter Stevie Nicks. Released in late 1985 while Fleetwood Mac were still on a lengthy hiatus following their album Mirage , entity hit the top 20 in its second week. The album peaked at No. 12 on the US Billboard 200, and was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America after just one month of its release for sales in excess of 1,000,000 units. The album was also certified Gold in the United Kingdom for sales in excess of 100,000 units. The album was ranked No. 41 in the best-selling albums of 1986 in the United States, although sales did not match Nicks' earlier albums, Bella Donna and The Wild Heart (which have sold in excess of four and two million copie", "album    entity is the third studio album by American singer and member of Fleetwood Mac Stevie Nicks. Released in late 1985, during Fleetwood Mac's long hiatus following the 1982 album Mirage, entity a Little landed in the top 20 of the US charts two weeks after its release, eventually peaked at number 12 on the Billboard 200 and sold a million copies a month after its release.", "actor    entity is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, actor, dancer, and television judge. He gained fame for his songwriting abilities when he penned Mario's 2004 hit \"Let Me Love You\". The single's successful release in the United States prompted an informal meeting between Ne-Yo and Def Jam's label head and the signing of a recording contract.", "actor    entity is an American R'n'B and pop singer, music producer, actor, dancer, and lyricist.", "village    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of G\u00f3ra Kalwaria, which lies approximately 18 kilometres south-east of Piaseczno and 31 km south-east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 145.11 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 24,035 .", "village    entity is an urban-rural or mixed gmina in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by American rapper Jay-Z. It was released on November 12, 2002, by Roc-A-Fella Records and Island Def Jam Music Group. The album serves as a sequel to his sixth album The Blueprint . Parts of the album were later reissued for his album, titled Blueprint 2.1 . The album debuted at number one, shipping with first-week sales of 545,000 units. The album is certified 3x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.", "album    entity is the 7th studio album by New Yorker Jay-Z. It is a double album that has 25 tracks. Due to critical reviews and little commercial success, a condensed version, Blueprint 2.1, was released in April 2003. The album eventually sold 2 million copies in the United States. United States and was certified double platinum by the RIAA.The Blueprint2 is the sequel to the hit album The Blueprint.", "album    entity is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Carrie Underwood. It was released in August 2007 as the first single from her 2007 album Carnival Ride. Underwood co-wrote this song with Hillary Lindsey and Luke Laird.", "album    entity is the first single from the second studio album Carnival Ride by American country music singer Carrie Underwood.Country Music Portal Country Music Portal Music Portal Music Portal \u2022 Song section", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish former professional ice hockey defenceman. He was the captain of Jokerit of the Kontinental Hockey League , with whom he has previously won two silver medals as runner-up for the Kanada-malja in 2000 and 2005 in the Finnish Liiga. He was originally drafted by the Phoenix Coyotes and has additionally played for the Colorado Avalanche, Philadelphia Flyers and Vancouver Canucks in the National Hockey League .", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "village    entity is a commune in the Finist\u00e8re department of Brittany in north-western France.", "village    entity was added to the name of the commune in order to distinguish it from Cl\u00e9den-Cap-Sizun, another commune from Finistere.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Canadian rock group Nickelback. It was released in November 2006 as the sixth single from the album All the Right Reasons. It was released in Australia on November 13, 2006, and in the US on January 7, 2007. The song entered inside the top 40 on the ARIA Singles Chart on January 7, 2007. The song was then released in most other parts of the world in the beginning of 2007. It debuted at No. 50 on the Billboard Hot 100 in late January 2007, and climbed to No. 17. All the Right Reasons was the first Nickelback album to feature more than three top 20 singles in the United States. The song reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Adult Top 40 Tracks chart.", "album    entity is the nineteenth single from Nickelback and the sixth from the 2005 album All the Right Reasons.", "album    entity is a single by French DJ David Guetta, featuring vocals from English recording artist Taio Cruz and American rapper Ludacris. It was released for digital download from 27 June 2011 by Virgin Records, serving as the second single from Guetta's latest studio album Nothing but the Beat. This song later appeared on Cruz's third album TY.O. All three artists co-wrote the song with Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Riesterer and Giorgio Tuinfort, both of whom co-produced the song with Guetta as well as Black Raw.", "album    entity is a music composed by French disc jockey and music producer David Guetta, with the voice of British singer Taio Cruz and American rapper Ludacris. It was released as downloadable music on June 27, 2011 by Virgin Records, and is the second track from the Nothing but the Beat album. It was composed by Ludacris, Taio Cruz, David Guetta, Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Riesterer and Giorgio Tuinfort.", "soccer manager    entity is a former Czech professional ice hockey goaltender. He played professionally in the United States, Czech Republic, and Germany. He was born in Gottwaldov, Czechoslovakia.", "soccer manager    entity is a Czech professional ice hockey player who plays as a goalkeeper.", "musical artist    entity is a Surinamese DJ and producer. He lives in Aruba. Chuckie is a producer of what has been called the \"dirty house\" scene, a cultural movement centered on lively urban club events featuring dancing, bright lights and interactive stage elements. He has also helped develop a style of music known as \"Dirty Dutch\", a genre characterized by high pitched lead synths over Latin-inspired rhythms and samples. He also owns his record label, Dirty Dutch Music.", "musical artist    entity is a Dutch DJ and producer known for his club hit Let the Bass Kick in Miami Bitch in 2010 with I'm in Miami Bitch by the American group LMFAO, which reached 9th place in sales UK. Chuckie's style is oriented towards hardcore house both in his mixes and in his productions.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Capcom. It is the fourth game in the Mega Man X series and the second game in the series to be released on the Sega Saturn and PlayStation. The two versions were released simultaneously in Japan in 1997. A North America release followed sometime thereafter, while Europe received only the PlayStation version in 1997.", "video game    entity is an action/platform video game developed and published by Capcom for Sega Saturn, PlayStation and Windows. It is the fourth installment in the Megaman X series.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kadzid\u0142o, within Ostro\u0142\u0119ka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres south-west of Kadzid\u0142o, 18 km north-west of Ostro\u0142\u0119ka, and 111 km north of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Kadzid \u0142 o in Ostro \u0142\u0119 ka County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 8 kilometers south-west of Kadzid \u0142 o, 18 kilometers northwest of Ostro \u0142\u0119 ka and 111 kilometers north of Warsaw. The village has a population of approximately 657 in 2010.", "musical artist    entity is an English musician, songwriter, and singer. He first achieved fame as the guitarist and co-songwriter of The Smiths, who were active from 1982 to 1987. He has since performed with numerous other bands and embarked on a solo career.", "musical artist    entity is known as an English musician born on October 31, 1963 in Ardwick, a district of the city of Manchester. Guitarist, composer, but also keyboardist, harmonica player and singer, he is best known for his role as composer in the cult group of the 1980s The Smiths. With singer Morrissey, they formed a legendary vocal-guitar duo.", "album    entity is an American musician, predominantly a guitarist. The entity discography currently includes 329 studio albums , 1 live album, 4 special releases, 1 extended play, 5 demo tapes, 3 solo DVD video releases, 2 DVD video releases with Cornbugs, 3 music videos, 7 unreleased albums , 3 solo videography releases, and 16 videography releases with other artists.", "album    entity is Buckethead's 39th studio album. It is also the 9th album in the \"Buckethead Pikes\" series.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gosty\u0144 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres north-west of Piaski, 4 km north-east of Gosty\u0144, and 58 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144.", "village    entity is a village in the gmina of Piaski in Gosty \u0144 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "comics creator    entity is a free and open-source, screen-based text editor program for Unix. It is an improved clone of Bill Joy's vi. entity's author, Bram Moolenaar, derived entity from a port of the Stevie editor for Amiga and released a version to the public in 1991. entity is designed for use both from a command-line interface and as a standalone application in a graphical user interface. entity is released under the entity license that includes some charityware clauses, encouraging users who enjoy the software to consider donating to children in Uganda. The entity license is compatible with the GNU General Public License through a special clause allowing distribution of modified copies under the GNU GPL version 2.0 or later.", "comics creator    entity is a text editor, that is to say a software allowing the manipulation of text files. It is directly inspired by vi , of which it is the most popular clone.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the Southeastern region of the United States, bordered by Tennessee to the north; Georgia to the east; Florida and the Gulf of Mexico to the south; and Mississippi to the west. entity is the 30th largest by area and the 24th-most populous of the U.S. states. With a total of 1,500 miles of inland waterways, entity has among the most of any state.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the southern United States. Its capital is Montgomery, and the largest cities are Birmingham and Mobile. With 4,779,736 inhabitants in 2010 over an area of \u200b\u200b135,765 km2, the state is the 23rd in the country by population and the 30th by size. It is surrounded by four states: Mississippi to the west, Tennessee to the north, Georgia to the east, and Florida to the south.", "single    entity is a 1958 comedy film by French filmmaker Jacques Tati. The first of Tati's films to be released in colour, entity won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, a Special Prize at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival, and the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Foreign Language Film, receiving more honors than any of Tati's other cinematic works.", "single    entity is also the title of one of Octave Mirbeau's Cruel Tales. entity is a French film directed by Jacques Tati, shot in 1956 and 1957 and released in 1958.", "mountain    entity is located in the Hidaka Mountains, Hokkaid\u014d, Japan.The mountain has three peaks:", "mountain    entity is a 725 m high mountain in the Hidaka Mountains in Hokkaid\u014d, Japan.", "album    entity is an American R&B group fronted by husband-and-wife team of John Smith and Valerie Day, based in Portland, Oregon, United States. entity released four albums in the U.S. during the 1980s. Their third album, Poolside, brought the group's sound to a wider audience.", "album    entity is an American pop music group from Portland, Oregon formed in 1979.", "record label    entity is a German record label that was founded in 1971 by Bernhard Mikulski. It is one of the most successful German record labels of the 1980s and 1990s. Until 1992, the label's name was Pop-Import Bernhard Mikulski. The label specialized in disco, early house music and 1990s techno. Founder Bernhard Mikulski is credited with coining the term \"Italo disco\" in the 1980s. After the death of Bernhard, his wife Christa Mikulski took over in 1997.", "record label    entity is a German label founded by Bernhard Mikulski in 1971. The company was called Pop-Import Bernhard Mikulski until 1992, when it was replaced by entity.", "screen writer    entity is regarded by film critics, film historians, and filmmakers to be one of the greatest and most influential filmmakers in cinema history.", "screen writer    entity is a director who was controversial in the Soviet Union, but very defended and appreciated by Western moviegoers.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Gwen Stefani from her debut solo studio album, Love. Angel. Music. Baby. . Written by Stefani and Linda Perry, the song is the album's opening track and was released as Stefani's debut solo single. entity details Stefani's lack of inspiration, fear of producing the album, as well as her reaction to pressures exerted by her record label. It is primarily an electropop song and introduces Stefani's four back-up dancers, the Harajuku Girls, who had a major input into the album's production.", "album    entity is a song from Gwen Stefani Love's debut solo album. Angel. Music. Baby. .", "village    entity is a city and commune in the south of France, a subprefecture in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department of the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region, in the former province of Provence.", "village    entity is a commune in the department of Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne, in Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur. It is the largest municipality in metropolitan France with some 75,893 hectares in area.", "disease    entity is the first EP and debut release by American heavy metal band Born of Osiris. It was released on October 2, 2007 through Sumerian Records. entity was written entirely by drummer Cameron Losch when he was 14\u201316 years old and produced by The Faceless guitarist Michael Keene. It is also the last release by the band with guitarist Matthew C. Pantelis. Pantelis went on to join deathcore band Veil of Maya after entity.", "disease    entity is the debut studio album by American deathcore band Born of Osiris. The album was released on October 2, 2007 under the Sumerian Records label. It should be noted that this is not the first production of Born of Osiris, but it is the first produced under this name. Indeed, the members have changed their name several times, they have already produced several demos under several different names.", "senator    entity is an American lawyer who served as the 82nd Attorney General of the United States from 2009 to 2015. Holder, serving in the administration of President Barack Obama, was the first African American to hold the position of U.S. Attorney General.", "senator    entity is an American politician and former lawyer. He has been Attorney General of the United States since 2009, that is to say Minister of Justice, in the government of Barack Obama. He is the first African-American to hold this position.", "manga    entity is a Japanese anime television series produced by Toei Animation. It is an adaptation of the first 194 chapters of the manga of the same name created by Akira Toriyama, which were published in Weekly Sh\u014dnen Jump from 1984 to 1995. The anime is composed of 153 episodes that were broadcast on Fuji TV from February 1986 to April 1989. It was broadcast in 81 countries worldwide. It is part of the entity media franchise.", "manga    entity is a 153-episode, 25-minute Japanese anime television series, adapted from the eponymous manga by Akira Toriyama and produced by Toei Animation.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey right wing who played 401 games over eight seasons in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens, Atlanta Flames, Pittsburgh Penguins, Kansas City Scouts, Cleveland Barons, Colorado Rockies, Minnesota North Stars and Washington Capitals.He was the first player in NHL history to play for five defunct teams.", "soccer manager    entity is a retired professional ice hockey player in the National Hockey League who played with the Montreal Canadiens from 1971 to 1973. He was the Canadiens' second-round pick in the 1971 NHL Entry Draft, 7th place overall.", "album    entity is a French electronic music project formed in Antibes, Alpes-Maritimes in 1999 and currently based in Los Angeles, California. The band's primary member is vocalist, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and record producer Anthony Gonzalez. The band was initially formed as a duo also with Nicolas Fromageau; it has released eight albums and two soundtracks, including the Grammy Award-nominated Hurry Up, We're Dreaming.", "album    entity is a French electronic music group, originally from Antibes and very popular in the United States. Active since 1999, the group was originally composed of Anthony Gonzalez and Nicolas Fromageau. After the tour of Dead Cities, Red Seas & Lost Ghosts, Nicolas Fromageau left the band in 2004 and founded the band Team Ghost in 2009.", "military unit    entity was a unit of the German Army during World War II. It was formed in 1939, took part in the Battle of France in 1940, and then Operation Barbarossa in 1941. The 58th was then constantly engaged on the Eastern Front until the end of the war in 1945.", "military unit    entity was one of the infantry divisions of the German army during World War II.", "album    entity is a song by French DJ and record producer David Guetta, featuring vocals by Senegalese-American R&B recording artist Akon. Taken from the former's fifth studio album, Nothing but the Beat. The song was written by Aliaune Thiam, Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort and Riesterer. Production was also handled by Guetta, Tuinfort and Rister. On March 14, 2012, Guetta tweeted that he had a dilemma on choosing his next single, asking his fans for opinions, giving 2 tracks entity and \"I Can Only Imagine\" featuring Chris Brown and Lil Wayne, but ultimately lost to the latter.", "album    entity is a song by French house music DJ David Guetta. Taken from his 5th studio album Nothing but the Beat, we find the vocal collaboration of singer Akon, the song was written by Aliaune Thiam, Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort, Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Riesterer and produced by David Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort, Fred Rister.", "album    entity is the Shamen's 1992 album and features their hit UK number one single \"Ebeneezer Goode\". Critics gave the album positive feedback, despite the death of the member Will Sinnott, who was known to have helped Colin Angus transform the Shamen into a popular rave act. The album reached number 3 on the UK Albums Chart, and was certified platinum by the British Phonographic Industry in December 1992.", "album    entity is a Shamen album released in 1992 featuring the controversial hit Ebeneezer Goode.", "basketball team    entity is Joe Sakic.", "basketball team    entity is a professional ice hockey franchise based in Denver, Colorado, USA. It is part of the Northwest Division in the Western Conference and plays in the National Hockey League.", "actor    entity is a German professional ice hockey goaltender, currently an unrestricted free agent. He most recently played with ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga . He was a third-round selection of the San Jose Sharks in the 2007 NHL Entry Draft prior to being traded to the Anaheim Ducks.", "actor    entity is a German professional ice hockey player.", "village    entity is a mountain of the Graian Alps in Aosta Valley, north-western Italy. It is described as an \"elegant, pyramid shaped mountain\". The mountain is a tough climb, and most of the famous peaks of the Alps are visible from its summit on a clear day, with Gran Paradiso especially visible.", "village    entity is a summit of the Gran Paradiso massif, 3,513 meters high, which is located in the town of F\u00e9nis, between the Urtier valley and that of Grauson and the Clavalit\u00e9 valley.", "musical artist    entity is an American musician best known for his tenures with Creed and Alter Bridge. He is a founding member of both bands, and has also collaborated with many other artists over the years. He formed his own band Tremonti in 2011 and has released five albums with them, including A Dying Machine, which was adapted by Tremonti and science fiction novelist John Shirley.", "musical artist    entity is an American Grammy Award-winning guitarist and songwriter. He is mainly known for being the lead-guitarist and vocalist of Creed and Alter Bridge. In 2012 he released his first solo album All I Was.", "video game    entity is a handheld game console produced by Nintendo. It was announced in March 2010 and unveiled at E3 2010 as the successor to the Nintendo DS. The system features backward compatibility with older Nintendo DS video games. As an eighth-generation console, its primary competitor was Sony's PlayStation Vita.", "video game    entity is an eighth-generation handheld console developed by Nintendo, featuring auto-stereoscopic 3D display. entity is the successor to the Nintendo DS, and is backwards compatible with the latter's software. It is available at launch in two colours: Blue Lagoon and Black Cosmos.", "soccer manager    entity is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for EHC Chur in the National League B. He also represented the Swiss national team at the 1988 Winter Olympics.", "soccer manager    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey player who played as a defender.", "album    entity is a song by the German electronic music band Kraftwerk. It was released in May 1976 as the lead and only single from their fifth studio album, Radio-Activity . The song was a commercial success in France, but was not as successful in other countries as Kraftwerk's previous hit single \"Autobahn\".", "album    entity is a song written by Ralf H\u00fctter, Florian Schneider and Emil Schult, and recorded by the electronic music group of which they are members, Kraftwerk, as the title track of their album Radio-Activity. European countries and the United States, and was seventh on the charts in France, where it was certified gold in 1976. It was re-recorded in 1991 for the album The Mix.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Demi Lovato, from their debut album of the same name. It was written by Lovato and the Jonas Brothers, who co-produced the song with John Fields. It was released as the album's third and final single in 2009, through Hollywood Records. The inspiration of the song came from Lovato falling in love with someone who later left them. According to Lovato, it is one of the songs on the album that they most relate to. Musically, entity is a midtempo glam rock ballad that features Lovato singing with breathy falsetto vocals. An accompanying music video was released on March 2009.", "album    entity is a song written, composed and performed by singer Demi Lovato. This single is the third promotional single from Demi's debut album titled as the song entity. The music video was released on March 16, 2009.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper 50 Cent, featuring fellow rapper and friend of 50 Cent, Eminem, as well as Maroon 5's lead singer Adam Levine. It was originally released as the second official single of 50 Cent's scrapped studio album Street King Immortal, but was later removed from the project. The single was produced by American music producer Symbolyc One. The song premiered on American radio station Hot 97, and was made available for digital download on iTunes Store on November 26, 2012.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper 50 Cent in collaboration with rapper Eminem and American artist Adam Levine. The single was released on November 26, 2012 through Eminem-founded label Shady Records, Aftermath Entertainment and through Interscope Records. 2nd single from 50 Cent Street King Immortal's 5th studio album, the song is written by Curtis Jackson, Marshall Mathers, Adam Levine, Larry Griffin Jr. and by Herb Rooney. entity is produced by Symbolyc One.", "musical artist    entity was a Jersey musician, active in the British post-acid house scene, best known for his debut single \"Infinity\", initially released in 1989 on Walden's record label, Infinity Records. The song was re-released in 1990 by BMG Records, and then re-released in 2008 by Darren Bailie, who created the Guru Josh Project. The song was released again in 2012.", "musical artist    entity is a British DJ and producer, born in Jersey on June 6, 1964, currently residing in Ibiza. He is the author of the electro song Infinity, remixed by the German DJ Klaas in 2008.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor most famous for appearing in many B-Western movies . He also was a stuntman and frequently acted as silver screen gorillas using his own gorilla costumes.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor.", "comics creator    entity is a Canadian record producer. He has produced hit records and worked with many popular artists including Eminem, Drake, Nicki Minaj, The Weeknd, Kendrick Lamar, Camila Cabello, Travis Scott, Justin Bieber, Belly, ASAP Rocky, Big Sean, DJ Khaled, 2 Chainz, Lana Del Rey, Sia, J. Cole, and more. He is one of Drake's longest and most frequent collaborators, contributing to songs such as \"HYFR\", \"The Motto\", \"Make Me Proud\" and \"Blem\".", "comics creator    entity is a Canadian producer of hip-hop and R&B music from Ajax, Ontario. He has produced for artists such as Ciara, Nicki Minaj, Plies, Ludacris, LeToya Luckett, Birdman, Lil Wayne, Wale, Drake, August Rigo, Diggy Simmons.Hip-hop portal Hip-hop portal Canada portal Canada portal", "album    entity is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta. It is composed of guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger, guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist Ryan Peake, bassist Mike Kroeger, and drummer Daniel Adair. It went through several drummer changes between 1995 and 2005, achieving its current lineup when Adair replaced Ryan Vikedal. entity is based in Vancouver, British Columbia. It originally published through EMI Canada before signing a global distribution deal with Roadrunner Records. For Here and Now, it left EMI Canada for Universal Music Canada.", "album    entity is a Canadian rock band created in the province of Alberta in Canada. The band currently consists of Chad Kroeger on vocals and lead guitar, Ryan Peake on rhythm guitar, Mike Kroeger on bass guitar and Daniel Adair on drums and percussion, he is the fourth drummer after Ryan Vikedal, Mitch Guindon and Brandon Kroeger.", "village    entity is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department in southern France. Inhabitants are called Saint-Martinois.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are the Saint-Martinois or the Cravens. metropolitan area, the fourth of the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne, after Arles, Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer and Marseille.", "village    entity is a city in Custer County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 3,559 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Custer County.", "village    entity is the county seat of Custer County, Nebraska, United States. Its population was 3,491 at the 2000 census.", "village    Kozarze est un village de Pologne, situ\u00e9 dans la gmina de Ciechanowiec, dans le Powiat de Wysokie Mazowieckie, dans la vo\u00efvodie de Podlachie.", "village    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Ciechanowiec, in the county of Wysokie Mazowieckie, in the voivodship of Podlasie.", "screen writer    Blair_Manning", "screen writer    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "village    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Bas-Rhin in the Alsace region.", "album    entity is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey. The song was written and produced by Carey and Walter Afanasieff, for her third studio album, Music Box . It was released on May 31, 1994, through Columbia Records, as the fifth and final single from the album. The song is influenced by pop, R&B and gospel genres. While the album focused heavily on pop oriented and radio friendly material, entity deviated from the formula, finishing as the only gospel-infused song on Music Box. Lyrically, the song's protagonist tells her love interest that anytime he may need a friend, she will be there unconditionally for him. Throughout the song's bridge and climax, critics noted the lyrics altering from those of a friend, to those of a lover.", "album    entity is a song by American artist Mariah Carey. The song is written and produced by Carey and Walter Afanasieff for his third studio album, Music Box. It was released as a single on May 31, 1994 by Columbia Records as the fourth and final single from the album. The song is inspired by pop music, contemporary R'n'B and gospel.", "village    entity is a commune in the Puy-de-D\u00f4me department in Auvergne in central France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Puy-de-D\u00f4me, in the Auvergne region, bordering the commune of Issoire. Its inhabitants are called entityois.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Pu\u0142tusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Gzy, which lies approximately 10 kilometres north-west of Pu\u0142tusk and 56 km north of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 104.44 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 4,068 .", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Pu\u0142tusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is the largest and most important river in Chittagong and the Chittagong Hill Tracts. It is a 667-metre wide river in the south-eastern part of Bangladesh. Originating from the village of Mamit district in Mizoram, India, it flows 270 kilometres southwest through Chittagong Hill Tracts and Chittagong into the Bay of Bengal. Before the Padma, it was the fastest flowing river in Bangladesh. It is said to \"represent the drainage system of the whole south-western part of Mizoram.\" Principal tributaries include the Kawrpui River or Thega River, Tuichawng River and Phairuang River. A large hydroelectric power plant using Karnaphuli river was built in the K", "village    entity is the name of the river which originates in Mizoram and crosses all of Jumland and empties into the Bay of Bengal.", "video game    entity is an ncurses-based text editor for Unix systems, available under the GPL. It is designed to be easy to use. JOE is available for most major Linux distributions, open-source BSD systems and Apple's macOS via package managers such as Homebrew.", "video game    entity is a text editor from the Emacs family. User-friendly, lightweight and very easy to use, designed for Unix, it is distributed on most GNU/Linux and BSD distributions. free software distributed under the GNU GPL license.", "soccer player    entity is a former Japanese footballer. He played as a midfielder for Japan national team.", "soccer player    entity is a Japanese footballer.", "album    entity is a German band, consisting of three members Henry Horn , Marvin Schlatter and Dario Flick .", "album    entity is a German band consisting of three members. Henry Horn, Marvin Schlatter and Dario Flick.", "village    entity is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Marne department in the Champagne-Ardenne region.", "music genre    entity is the hip hop music style developed in French-speaking countries. France is the second largest hip-hop market in the world after the United States.", "music genre    entity is a musical trend that emerged in France in the mid-1980s and became popular in the following decade with the emergence of rap groups like IAM, Supr\u00eame NTM, and rappers like MC Solaar. While remaining continually inspired by rappers from across the Atlantic, entity gradually develops its own personality, oscillating between sociopolitical demands, positive or festive messages and commercial temptation.", "film    entity is a 1950 American comedy film based on the radio show My Friend Irma, and featuring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis . The film is directed by Hal Walker. This sequel to My Friend Irma was released May 31, 1950, by Paramount Pictures.", "film    entity is a 1950 American film directed by Hal Walker.", "actor    entity is an American actress. She rose to prominence for her role as Brenda Meeks in the comedy horror Scary Movie film series . She has since appeared in the television series Ally McBeal , Law & Order: LA , Grandfathered , and Black Monday , and in the films The Best Man and its 2013 sequel, About Last Night , Vacation , Girls Trip , The Hate U Give , and Little . For the comedy film Support the Girls , Hall received critical acclaim, and became the first African American to win the New York Film Critics Circle Award for Best Actress.", "actor    entity is an American actress born on December 12, 1970 in Washington, DC.", "tennis player    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player who is currently playing with HC TWK Innsbruck in the Austrian Hockey League . Th\u00f6rnberg made his Elitserien debut during the 2010\u201311 season. Jesper is the younger brother of Martin Th\u00f6rnberg who continues to play with HV71.", "tennis player    entity is a Swedish ice hockey player.", "screen writer    entity is a Scottish-American singer, songwriter, record producer, actor, writer, music theorist, and filmmaker. He was a founding member and the principal songwriter, lead singer, and guitarist of the American new wave band Talking Heads. Byrne has released solo recordings and worked with various media including film, photography, opera, fiction, and non-fiction. He has received an Academy Award, a Grammy Award, a Tony Award, and a Golden Globe Award, and he is an inductee to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as part of Talking Heads.", "screen writer    entity is a musician, best known as the co-founder and principal songwriter of the new wave band Talking Heads. He lives in New York.", "village    entity is a municipality of Almer\u00eda province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.", "village    entity is a municipality in the province of Almer\u00eda, Andalusia, Spain.", "musical artist    entity is a Jamaican reggae dancehall recording artist from Clarendon Parish, Jamaica. He is known for integrating positive and socially conscious subject matter into his music, drawing inspiration from personal experiences and Rastafarian teachings.", "musical artist    entity is a Jamaican reggae, dancehall, reggae fusion and roots reggae singer.", "military unit    entity was a German infantry division of World War II. The division was formed in April 1943 by the reorganization and redesignation of the 717th Infantry Division. The 717th Division had been formed in April 1941. It was transferred to Yugoslavia in May 1941, to conduct anti partisan and Internal security operations.", "military unit    entity was one of the infantry divisions of the German army during World War II.", "military conflict    entity is the second Nero Wolfe detective novel by Rex Stout. The story was serialized in six issues of The Saturday Evening Post under the title The Frightened Men. The novel was published in 1935 by Farrar & Rinehart, Inc. entity is a Haycraft Queen Cornerstone, one of the most influential works of mystery fiction listed by crime fiction historian Howard Haycraft and Ellery Queen.", "military conflict    entity is an American detective novel by Rex Stout, published in 1935. It is the second novel in the detective series starring Nero Wolfe and his assistant Archie Goodwin.", "military unit    entity was a Polish Army infantry division which saw action against the invading Germans during the Invasion of Poland of World War II. The division suffered heavy casualties in battles near \u0141\u00f3d\u017a and the remnants retreated to Warsaw, where they surrendered. In 1921 - 1939, the 28th Division was part of the 1st Military District. In 1922, the 28th Light Artillery Regiment was moved from Radom to Zajezierze near D\u0119blin, and in April 1922, the 72nd Infantry Regiment was transferred from Warsaw to Radom.", "military unit    entity was one of the Polish Army's infantry divisions during World War II.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by Norwegian heavy metal band Enslaved. It was released in 1998, through Osmose Productions.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Enslaved. The album was released in 1998 under the Osmose Productions label.", "album    entity is an album by jazz bassist Dave Holland's Quintet released on the ECM label in 1999. Holland was asked about the album's title in an interview on the web site \"Innerviews\": It started with a conversation with my wife I had when we were just putting this band together. I had been in a few situations which were not really fun, but musically good. There were problems of one sort or another. I decided at this stage in my life that I wanted to enjoy music. I have to say one of the things that really influenced me is my time recently with Herbie Hancock. I\u2019ve worked with him on and off from \u201991 to \u201996 in trio and quartet formats. Herbie enjoys himself whenever he plays. He has a lot of fun and it doesn\u2019t stop him from being creative or playing amazingly inventively. That was whe", "album    entity is an album by the Dave Holland Quintet.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the central Apennines, in the province of Pesaro e Urbino, Marche, central Italy. The highest peak is at 1,702 metres above sea level. It is a massif of limestone rocks dating to some 200 million years ago. Historically, it marked the boundary between the Exarchate of Ravenna and the Duchy of Spoleto The source of the Cesano river is located nearby.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Marches and in the central part of the Apennines. It is a massif of sedimentary rocks dating back 200 million years. Historically, it formed the border between the Exarchate of Ravenna and the Duchy of Spoleto.", "album    entity is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kid Cudi, released as the second single from his debut album Man on the Moon: The End of Day . The single was digitally released to iTunes on June 9, 2009. It features fellow American rappers Common and Kanye West, the latter of whom also produced the song. The song is perhaps best known for its sample of \"Poker Face\", as performed by Lady Gaga. The song received a nomination for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards.", "album    entity is a song by American hip hop artist Kid Cudi, released as the second single from his album Man on the Moon: The End of Day. The single was released digitally on iTunes on June 9, 2009. The song was originally titled I Poke Her Face but the title was changed to make it more palatable when played on radio. She is featuring Kanye West, who also produced the track, and Common.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, from his fifth album Encore . The song received positive reviews from music critics, and peaked at number 34 on the Billboard Hot 100. Outside of the United States, entity topped the charts in the United Kingdom, and peaked within the top ten of the charts in 12 countries, including Australia, Denmark, Germany, and New Zealand. The song samples the 1989 song \"Toy Soldiers\" by Martika. It is the fourth single from the album.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, the third single from his album Encore . at war with other rappers in order to sell more CDs, which often ends in the death of several of them.", "screen writer    entity is an American television sitcom.", "screen writer    entity is Obie Trice's debut studio album, released September 23, 2003. Eminem features on five tracks, produces ten, and releases the album on his own label, Shady Records. The members of D12 are not left out since they participate in the final title, while Kon Artis produces another title, introduced by Proof. Other guests include G-Unit, Dr. Dre, Busta Rhymes and Nate Dogg.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian former professional ice hockey player. He was selected in the tenth round of the 1992 NHL Entry Draft, 240th overall, by the New York Rangers. The vast majority of his career was spent in the Russian Super League and its successor, the Kontinental Hockey League. He is currently the assistant coach of Dynamo Moscow.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player turned coach. He is playing as a winger.", "comics creator    entity was a Haitian writer and politician. Born in Port-au-Prince, Marcelin was best known for the three novels Marilisse , La Vengeance de Mama , and Th\u00e9mistocle Epaminondas Labasterre . Along with his contemporaries Fernand Hibbert and Justin Lh\u00e9risson he worked to establish a uniquely Haitian novel. He also wrote a book on Haiti's national bank, Ha\u00efti et sa Banque Nationale , and another on the \"Finance and Commerce Department\", .", "comics creator    Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Marcelin, novelist, essayist, journalist, politician and Haitian diplomat.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by the American thrash metal band Anthrax. It was released on September 19, 1988 through Megaforce/Island Records.", "album    entity is Anthrax's fourth studio album, released in 1988.", "video game    entity is platform game that was developed by Software Creations and published by Acclaim Entertainment in 1995 for the Game Boy, Game Gear, Genesis, and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It is based on the film entity. When the game was first released, it featured a promotion by which players could find hidden treasure chests in the game and enter a contest to win real world prizes.", "video game    entity is a platform video game released in 1996 for Game Boy, Game Gear, Mega Drive and Super Nintendo. The game was developed by Software Creations and then published by Acclaim. It is an adaptation of the film Pirate Island by Renny Harlin, released in 1995.", "album    entity is the debut album by Roxanne Shant\u00e9, released in 1989 on Cold Chillin' Records. The album peaked at No. 52 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.", "album    entity is Roxanne Shant\u00e9's debut studio album, released on October 31, 1989.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 406 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Aerodrom, district of \u0160umadija. At the 2011 census, it had 404 inhabitants.", "comics creator    entity was a Polish mathematician and statistician who spent the first part of his professional career at various institutions in Warsaw, Poland and then at University College London, and the second part at the University of California, Berkeley. Neyman first introduced the modern concept of a confidence interval into statistical hypothesis testing and co-revised Ronald Fisher's null hypothesis testing .", "comics creator    entity is considered one of the great founders of modern statistics. He contributed extensively to probability theory, testing hypotheses, confidence intervals and other parts of statistics. He became enthusiastic about his work because he wanted to know \u201chow to find what we want to know\u201d.", "album    entity is a mixture of rock, ska and reggae with dol\u00e7aina rhythms, a traditional Valencian instrument, often with social and political lyrics promoting Catalan nationalism.", "album    entity is a Valencian-speaking band from Valencia, Spain. Their music is a mixture of ska and traditional music, particularly because of the use of the dol\u00e7aina, a traditional oboe. Their lyrics call for the independence of the Catalan countries and the support of Valencian culture.", "album    entity is a viking metal band from Sweden. The band is named after the royal sword Tyrfing from Norse mythology.", "album    entity is a Swedish folk/black viking metal band created in 1995. The lyrics, as well as the name of the band, are inspired by Vikings and Norse mythology.", "disease    entity is the seventh full-length album by Norwegian heavy metal band Enslaved. Beyond it being their last full-length for production company Osmose , a few lineup changes would take place. This would be the last album Enslaved recorded with Dirge Rep on drums . They would also enlist a full-time keyboardist in Herbrand Larsen , bringing the band personnel from four to five.", "disease    entity is the seventh studio album by Norwegian black metal band Enslaved. The album was released on April 14, 2003 under the Osmose Productions label. This is the band's first album whose lyrics are written entirely in English.", "film    entity is a 1994 American drama film directed by Jon Avnet and starring Elijah Wood, Kevin Costner, and Mare Winningham. It is a coming of age tale set in Mississippi in the 1970s. The film, despite weak box office and negative reviews, gained Wood an award for his performance, which was widely praised by critics.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Jon Avnet with Kevin Costner and Elijah Wood released in 1994.", "island    entity is a small island in the Gal\u00e1pagos Islands and was named after the German geologist Theodor Wolf, who also has the volcano Wolf on Isabela Island named after him. It has an area of 1.3 square kilometres and a maximum altitude of 253 metres above sea level.", "island    entity is an uninhabited island in Ecuador located in the Gal\u00e1pagos Islands.Portal of the Gal\u00e1pagos Islands Portal of the Gal\u00e1pagos Islands Portal of the island world Island World Portal", "village    entity is a commune in southeastern France, the prefecture of the Dr\u00f4me department and within the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. It is situated on the left bank of the Rh\u00f4ne, about 100 kilometres south of Lyon, along the railway line that runs from Paris to Marseille. It is the 8th largest city in the region by its population, with 63,714 registered inhabitants in 2017 . The city of entity is divided into four cantons. Its inhabitants are called Valentinois.", "village    entity is a commune in the south-east of France, prefecture of the Dr\u00f4me department in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. It is the 5th municipality of this region by its population, with 62,481 inhabitants listed in 2012. The city of entity is divided into four cantons of which it is the capital. Its inhabitants are called Valentinois. Located in the heart of the Rh\u00f4ne corridor, entity is often referred to as being \u201cthe gateway to the South of France\u201d.", "tennis player    entity is an American former professional ice hockey center. He has previously played in the National Hockey League for the New Jersey Devils, Phoenix Coyotes, Columbus Blue Jackets, Pittsburgh Penguins, New York Rangers and Minnesota Wild.", "tennis player    entity is an American professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a single by Swedish producer and DJ Avicii, made while he was under the name Tim Berg and is also his second released single. It was released on 17 October 2010 in the United Kingdom, where it charted at number 12. Earlier that year, on April 15, Avicii released an instrumental song named \"Bromance\", which topped the Flemish charts, and peaked at number two in the Netherlands. entity is a vocal version of this song, with the addition of vocals from the track \"Love U Seek\" by Italian DJ Samuele Sartini featuring English singer Amanda Wilson, who, in the case of entity, is not credited as singer.", "album    entity is a song by Swedish DJ and producer Tim Berg alias Avicii. Released in the Netherlands on October 17, 2010 and October 24 in the UK. The music is actually a mashup of Tim Berg's Bromance with Italian dj Samuele Sartini's Love You Seek with British singer Amanda Wilson.", "manga    entity was an American animation studio and production company founded on July 7, 1957, by Tom and Jerry creators and former MGM cartoon studio staff William Hanna and Joseph Barbera.", "manga    entity was an American company producing cartoons and a few television series. It was established in 1957 by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera as Hanna-Barbera Enterprises. In 1996, entity was bought by the Time Warner group. After William Hanna's death in 2001, the company was taken over by Warner Bros. Animation.", "video game    entity is a 1988 vertically scrolling shooter arcade game developed and published by Irem. It was ported to the Nintendo Entertainment System, PC Engine , Sharp X68000 , and FM Towns in 1990.", "video game    entity is a video game developed and published by the Japanese company Irem, released in 1988 on an arcade machine. This is a vertical scrolling shoot 'em up. The game was adapted on the NES, PC-Engine and Sharp X68000 consoles during 1990. In 2007, the PC Engine version was re-released on the Wii Virtual Console in Japan.", "amateur boxer    entity was a Finnish sprinter. He competed at the 1920, 1924 and 1928 Summer Olympics in the 400 m and 400 m hurdles events and won a silver medal in the 400 m hurdles in 1924. He failed to reach the finals in all his other events.", "amateur boxer    entity is a Finnish athlete specializing in the 400 meter hurdles. Affiliated to the HIFK, he was 1.80 m tall for between 72 and 74 kg.", "album    entity is the opening track on Belgian act Technotronic's first album, Pump Up the Jam: The Album . It was released as a single on 18 August 1989 and was a worldwide hit, reaching number two in the United Kingdom in 1989 and on the US Billboard Hot 100 in early 1990. The song was later certified triple platinum. It also peaked at number-one in Belgium, Iceland, Portugal and Spain.", "album    entity is a song by the Belgian group Technotronic released in 1989 under the Swanyard Records label. 1st single taken from their debut album entity: The Album, the song was written by Manuela Kamosi, Thomas De Quincey and produced by Thomas De Quincey. The single met with great success and reached number one on the charts in Belgium and Spain.", "village    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Mi\u0144sk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Ka\u0142uszyn, which lies approximately 17 kilometres east of Mi\u0144sk Mazowiecki and 56 km east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 94.52 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 6,190 .", "village    entity is an urban-rural or mixed gmina in Mi\u0144sk County, Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.", "soccer manager    entity is a Slovak former professional ice hockey right winger who played in the National Hockey League with the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Calgary Flames.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player turned coach.", "baseball player    entity is a baseball player stationed at one of four defensive \"infield\" positions on the baseball field.", "baseball player    entity is the first baseman, second baseman, third baseman or shortstop. Except for the pitcher and catcher, infielders are closest to the batter when he is at bat. Almost all second baseman, third baseman, and shortstops are right-handed to make it easier to throw the ball when they catch it.", "soccer player    entity was an Italian football player.", "soccer player    entity was an Italian player and footballer, who played as a winger.During his career, Bergonzini played with Italian clubs Cosenza Calcio 1914, Juventus, Salernitana Calcio 1919, Unione Sportiva Centese 1986, and Unione Sportiva Mirandolese.", "album    entity is a 2004 greatest hits compilation album by The Who released internationally by Polydor Records and by Geffen Records in the United States. It features 18 Who classics and two new tracks\u2014\"Real Good Looking Boy\" and \"Old Red Wine\"\u2014which were the first Who originals since \"Dig\" from Pete Townshend's 1989 album The Iron Man. \"Real Good Looking Boy\" is a tribute to Elvis Presley, and \"Old Red Wine\" is a tribute to former band member John Entwistle, who died in 2002. The album was re-released in 2007 and replaced \"Old Red Wine\" with \"It's Not Enough\" from the 2006 album Endless Wire and \"Summertime Blues\" was replaced by \"Baba O'Riley\".", "album    entity is a greatest hits compilation by British band The Who released in 2004 by Polydor and Geffen. It includes two previously unreleased tracks, Real Good Looking Boy and Old Red Wine, the first original Who tracks since Dig, released in 1989. on Pete Townshend's album The Iron Man. entity was reissued in 2007, with It's Not Enough in place of Old Red Wine.", "cricketer    entity is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League in 2002.", "cricketer    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "film    entity is a 2001 American romantic war drama film directed by Michael Bay, produced by Bay and Jerry Bruckheimer and written by Randall Wallace. It stars Ben Affleck, Kate Beckinsale, Josh Hartnett, Cuba Gooding Jr., Tom Sizemore, Jon Voight, Colm Feore, and Alec Baldwin. The film presented a heavily fictionalized version of the attack on entity by Japanese forces on December 7, 1941, focusing on a love story set amid the lead up to the attack, its aftermath, and the Doolittle Raid.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Michael Bay and released in theaters on May 25, 2001 in the United States and June 6, 2001 in France. Written by Randall Wallace and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, it features a large ensemble cast including Ben Affleck, Josh Hartnett, Kate Beckinsale, Cuba Gooding, Jr., Tom Sizemore, Jon Voight, Colm Feore and Alec Baldwin. is an adaptation of the Japanese attack on entity and later the Doolittle Raid.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson. It was released on April 9, 1992 as the third single from his eighth album, Dangerous . The song was written and produced by Jackson and Teddy Riley. It became the album's third consecutive top ten pop single, reaching number six on the US Billboard Hot 100. It also became its second number one R&B single. The song re-entered the UK Singles Chart at number 20 in 2006.", "album    entity is the third single from Michael Jackson's Dangerous album. It was released in May 1992. It's a New Jack Swing style song. entity is theoretically a duet, with the one who will be called for many years \u201cThe Mystery Girl\u201d; it is indeed only much later that we will learn that this singer is none other than Princess St\u00e9phanie of Monaco.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by French singer Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, released 6 December 2010. Farmer's label set up a web site to promote the album on 3 November 2010. For some of her fans this album is a return to her roots. It has drawn favorable comparisons to Innamoramento and also the albums prior to Anamorphos\u00e9e. This album seems to depict the artist as a woman at her prime, confident in her achievements and able to express herself without sacrificing her integrity. The music video of \"entity\" premiered at the album's temporary website on 16 March 2011.", "album    entity is Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's eighth studio album, released on December 6, 2010. For the first time in her career, the singer did not surround herself with Laurent Boutonnat, offering an album produced by herself, RedOne, Moby and the group Archive. The first single from this opus is Oui mais... no, composed by RedOne.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by Scottish rock band Primal Scream. It was first released on 31 January 2000 in the United Kingdom by Creation Records and on 2 May 2000 in the United States by Astralwerks. It peaked at number 3 on the UK Albums Chart. In a departure from their earlier, more hedonistic recordings, the band took a more political stance on the album, attacking government, police, and multinational corporations. Its sound is more aggressive and forceful than Primal Scream's previous output, with harsh, electronic sounds reminiscent of industrial music forming the basis for many of its songs. Although Gary Mounfield joined the band in 1997 and recorded a selection of tracks on their previous album Vanishing Point , it marked the first time h", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by Scottish indie rock band Primal Scream, released on January 31, 2000 on Creation Records.", "village    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Basse-Normandie region, populated by 294 inhabitants.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He was recently the head coach of the Wichita Thunder in the ECHL.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "comics creator    entity is the Norwegian word for the class of mushrooms known as puffballs, but the band's name substitutes \u00f6 for the second letter .", "comics creator    entity is a Norwegian music group formed in 1998 and composed of Svein Berge and Torbj\u00f8rn Brundtland, originally from Troms\u00f8. The group asserted its place on the electronic scene with its first album, Melody AM. Throughout his albums, R\u00f6yksopp has dabbled in various genres latching onto electronics, including ambient, house, synthpop, and African-American music.", "screen writer    entity is a recurring character who exclusively appeared in the Gossip Girl television adaptation. Created by series producer Joshua Safran, Lola Rhodes is portrayed by actress Ella Rae Peck. The character of Charlotte \"Charlie\" Rhodes was initially introduced in the second half of season four, though this was later revealed to be Ivy Dickens, a struggling actress paid to impersonate her so that her mother, Carol Rhodes, could gain access to Lola's trust fund. Ella Rae Peck later appeared during the second half of the fifth season to portray the role. Lola is the cousin and biological half sister, technically three-quarter sister, of Serena van der Woodsen as a result of William van der Woodsen's affair with Lily Humphrey's sister, Carol Rh", "screen writer    entity is a fictional character from the television series Gossip Girl, portrayed onscreen by Ella Rae Peck.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country on the west coast of Southern Africa. It is the second-largest Lusophone country in both total area and population , and is the seventh-largest country in Africa. It is bordered by Namibia to the south, the DR Congo to the north, Zambia to the east, and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. Angola has an exclave province, the province of Cabinda, that borders the Republic of the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The capital and most populated city is Luanda.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in South-West Africa, bordering the Democratic Republic of Congo to the North and North-East, the Republic from the Congo to the northwest, from Zambia to the east-southeast and from Namibia to the south.", "military conflict    entity was a civil war in the United States fought between the Union and the Confederacy . The central cause of the war was the status of slavery, especially the expansion of slavery into territories acquired as a result of the Louisiana Purchase and the Mexican\u2013American War. On the eve of the civil war in 1860, four million of the 32 million Americans were enslaved black people, almost all in the South.", "military conflict    entity is led by Abraham Lincoln and the Republican Party.", "film    entity is a 1950 film noir thriller directed by John Farrow and starring Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains.", "film    entity is a 1950 American film directed by John Farrow, starring Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains.", "university    entity is a public research university in Leiden, Netherlands. Founded in 1575 by William, Prince of Orange as a reward to the city of Leiden for its defense against Spanish attacks during the Eighty Years' War, it is the oldest institution of higher education in the Netherlands, as well as one of the most reputed.", "university    entity is the oldest of the Dutch universities. Located in Leiden, it is very famous and was frequented by several members of the royal family of the Netherlands.", "village    entity is one of the seventy-seven districts of Nepal. The district is third richest district in Nepal after Kathmandu and Morang with 3.3% share of total GDP of Nepal and per capita income is highest in province no.2. Kalaiya as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,190 km2 and has a population of 687,708. Bakaiya, Jamuniya, Pasaha, Dudhaura and Bangari are the main rivers of Bara. The main languages spoken in Bara are Bhojpuri, Bajjika, Tharu and Nepali.", "village    entity is one of the 75 districts of Nepal. It is attached to the Narayani area and the Center development region. The population of the district stood at 687,708 in 2011.", "sports league    entity are a professional ice hockey team, which plays in the Oberliga, Germany's third tier ice hockey league. They previously played in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga from 1996 to 2013.", "sports league    entity are a German professional ice hockey club based in Hannover. It evolves in Oberliga.", "film    entity is a comedy streaming television series written by David Wain and Michael Showalter, and directed by Wain. First Day of camp is the second installment in the Wet Hot American Summer franchise. The eight-episode Netflix series is a prequel to Wain's 2001 film Wet Hot American Summer, a parody of teen sex comedies which has since developed a cult following. Although many of the original film's ensemble cast have gone on to high-profile work, all of the then-adult actors returned for this series, playing even younger versions of their original roles. The episodes were released for online viewing at the end of July 2015.", "film    entity is an eight-episode approximately 29-minute American television series created by David Wain and Michael Showalter, a prequel adapted from the feature film of the same name released in 2001, and released online on 31 July 2015 on Netflix in multilingual mode.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechan\u00f3w, within Ciechan\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Ciechan\u00f3w in Ciechan\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "actor    entity is a former American ice hockey player, author, gender equity advocate, and co-founder of the Lamoureux Foundation. She scored the game-winning shootout goal to win the gold medal for Team USA at the 2018 Winter Olympics against Canada after her twin sister Monique tied the game near the end of regulation.", "actor    entity is an American ice hockey player. She plays as an attacker. She is the twin sister of Monique Lamoureux.", "village    entity is a coastal city in entity County, California, of which it is also the county seat. Situated on a south-facing section of coastline, the longest such section on the West Coast of the United States, the city lies between the steeply rising Santa Ynez Mountains and the Pacific Ocean. entity's climate is often described as Mediterranean, and the city has been promoted as the \"American Riviera\". According to the 2020 U.S. Census, the city's population was 88,665.", "village    entity is a municipality of 88,978 inhabitants located on the coast of California at the foot of the Santa Ynez Mountains, facing the Pacific Ocean, in the western United States. It is the county seat of entity. Its urban area, which includes the neighboring towns of Goleta, Montecito and Carpinteria, has an estimated total population of 400,000 people.", "single    entity is an Ivorian athlete specializing in sprinting events. He won the bronze medal at the 2013 and the gold at the 2015 Summer Universiade in addition to multiple medals on the continental level.", "single    entity is an Ivorian athlete, specialist in sprint events.", "village    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Jutrosin, which lies approximately 22 kilometres east of Rawicz and 86 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The gmina covers an area of 114.93 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 7,070 .", "village    entity is an urban-rural municipality in Greater Poland Voivodeship and Rawicz County. It extends over 114.93 km2 and had 7070 inhabitants in 2006.Poland Portal Poland Portal", "sports league    entity is a German professional sports club based in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia. It is best known for its men's professional football team, which plays in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. The club have won eight league championships, five DFB-Pokals, one UEFA Champions League, one Intercontinental Cup, and one UEFA Cup Winners' Cup.", "sports league    entity is a German football club founded on December 19, 1909 and based in Dortmund. The acronym BVB means in German Ballspiel-Verein Borussia, literally ball game club of Prussia, Borussia being the Latin name of Prussia. The club evolves in 1.", "album    entity is a 1967 song written and originally recorded by Neil Diamond.", "album    entity is a song by Neil Diamond, released on 45 rpm in 1967. It ranks No. 22 in sales in the United States.", "noble    entity was king of the Ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon and then a vassal of Darius I from 512/511 to his death 498 BC, at the time of Achaemenid Macedonia. He was a son of Alcetas I of Macedon. He married Eurydice and they had a son Alexander.", "noble    entity is the first king of Macedonia who is really known to us, in particular by ancient authors such as Herodotus, Thucydides and Pausanias. He succeeded Alcetas I around 540 BC. JC. for, according to Eusebius of Caesarea, a long reign of 42 years until about 498. He opens his country to Greece and maintains close relations with Peisistratus and his son Hippias.", "film    entity is a short story by Stephen King, first published in King's 1978 collection Night Shift. The story was also printed in the illustrated edition of King's 1975 novel 'Salem's Lot.", "film    entity is a short story by Stephen King that is part of the collection Danse macabre published in 1978. It was also published in 2005 in a deluxe edition of the novel Salem.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently an unrestricted free agent who was last under contract to HC Ambr\u00ec-Piotta of the Swiss National League A .", "tennis player    entity is a Swiss-Canadian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a goalkeeper.", "album    entity is a 1974 double-album pairing of entity's two solo albums, The Madcap Laughs and Barrett, both originally released in the UK in 1970.", "album    entity is the title of the reissue of entity's two solo albums, The Madcap Laughs and Barrett, released in 1974. Released on the occasion of the major success of The Dark Side of the Moon, like A Nice Pair for Pink Floyd, it was Barrett's only release to chart in the United States.Portail du rock Portail du rock", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Hautes-Alpes department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are called Brezi\u00e9rois.", "airline    entity was a low-cost air service within an airline brand owned and operated by Delta Air Lines from 2003 to 2006. All Song flights were operated by Delta Air Lines. Song's main focus was on leisure traffic between the northeastern United States and Florida, a market where it competed with JetBlue Airways. It also operated flights between Florida and the West Coast, and from the Northeast to the West Coast.", "airline    entity was an airline, a subsidiary of Delta Air Lines, created in April 2003 to respond to the rise of JetBlue Airways on routes between New York and Florida.entity operated domestic routes with a fleet of similar aircraft . entity was not a full-fledged company, just a trade name for the Delta concept, since it had no IATA code or own Callsign: all flights were operated under a Delta flight number.", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper and record executive. He is regarded by many contemporaries as one of the most influential hip hop artists of his generation, and often cited as one of the greatest rappers of all time. His career began in 1995, at the age of 12, when he was signed by rapper Birdman, joining Cash Money Records as the youngest member of the label. From then on, Wayne was the flagship artist of Cash Money Records before ending his association with the company in June 2018.", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper, producer and entrepreneur born September 27, 1982 in New Orleans, Louisiana. Active since the mid-1990s, he is particularly known for his Tha Carter quadrilogy, his grating flow, his typed metaphors, his characteristic puns, his comparisons and the Young Money Entertainment label of which he is the founder.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played one year in Major League Baseball with the Washington Nationals in 2013.", "soccer manager    entity is a right-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher playing with the Washington Nationals.", "journalist    entity was a Turkish historian, politician, and Prime Minister of Turkey from 1949 to 1950.", "journalist    entity is a Turkish politician born in 1883 in Kemaliye and died on October 19, 1961 in Istanbul, is a Turkish statesman. He was Prime Minister of Turkey between January 16, 1949 and May 22, 1950.", "video game    entity is a series of football simulation video games, In 1988 Dino Dini was hired to code a top down football game from a Steve Screech idea. in 1989 Kick Off was then published by Anil Gupta's publishing house Anco Software for the Atari ST and Commodore Amiga. The original version was programmed by Dino Dini with graphics, playtesting and tuning by Steve Screech. First released in 1989, was well-received and won awards.", "video game    entity is a football video game developed and published by Anco in 1989 on the Amiga and Atari ST microcomputers. The game was conceived, programmed and drawn by Dino Dini on Atari ST, who adapted it with Steve Screech on Amiga. The game was very well received being considered one of the best of its kind. At the end of 1989, the game was released on Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum. These releases generally did not receive such good reviews.", "video game    entity is the third main game in Chris Roberts' Wing Commander science fiction space combat simulation video game series, developed and released by Origin Systems in December 1994. It was a departure from previous games in the series in that it uses extensive live action full motion video to add an interactive movie-style presentation to the space combat gameplay, emphasized by its advertising slogan, \"Don't watch the game, play the movie!\". The game's more than two hours of video featured a number of prominent movie stars including Mark Hamill as Colonel Christopher \"Maverick\" Blair, Malcolm McDowell as Admiral Tolwyn, John Rhys-Davies as James \"Paladin\" Taggart and Thrakhath nar Kiranka, and Tom Wilson as Todd \"Maniac\" Marshall.", "video game    entity is an adventure and space flight simulation video game developed and published by Origin Systems on PC, 3DO and PlayStation. The development of the game cost approximately 4 million dollars, it offers full motion sequences video or summary after each mission or key moment.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina B\u0142\u0119d\u00f3w, within Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres south-east of B\u0142\u0119d\u00f3w, 16 km south-west of Gr\u00f3jec, and 54 km south of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of B\u0142\u0119d\u00f3w in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. It is located about 2 kilometers southeast of from B\u0142\u0119d\u00f3w , 16 kilometers south -west of Gr\u00f3jec and 54 kilometers south of Warsaw .", "album    entity is a song performed by Swedish dance musician Basshunter in cooperation with DJ Mental Theo's Bazzheadz. The single uses the same music as \"Boten Anna\", Basshunter's major European hit in 2006, but its lyrics, performed in English by Sebastian Westwood, are completely different. The song was covered by Crazy Frog as \"Everyone\", on his third studio album. It has also been parodied by former BBC Radio 1 host, Chris Moyles.", "album    entity is a song performed by Basshunter in collaboration with Mental DJ Theo Bazzheadz. She uses the same music as Boten Anna but her lyrics, written in English by Sebastian Westwood, are completely different.", "village    entity is the highest peak in the Dinaric Alps, the second highest in Albania and the sixth highest in the Balkans, standing at 2,694 m above sea level. It is the 28th most prominent mountain peak in Europe, and is regarded as one of the toughest and most dangerous climbs in the Albanian Alps.", "village    entity is the highest point of the Prokletije mountain range and the Dinaric Alps. The mountain rises to 2692 meters above sea level and is located in the northern part of Albania.Portal of the mountain Portal of the mountain Portal of Albania Portal of Albania", "album    entity is the twelfth studio album, and the fourth in the \"Collabos\" series, by rapper Tech N9ne. It was released on November 8, 2011, the rapper's 40th birthday.", "album    entity is the thirteenth studio album by rapper Tech N9ne, released on November 8, 2011, and the fourth in the Collabos series. The album ranked #3 Top Rap Albums, #4 Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at Top Independent Albums, 15th at Top Digital Albums and 21st at Billboard 200.", "political party    entity is an Armenian nationalist and socialist political party founded in 1890 in Tiflis, Russian Empire by Christapor Mikaelian, Stepan Zorian, and Simon Zavarian. Today the party operates in Armenia, Artsakh, Lebanon, Iran and in countries where the Armenian diaspora is present. Although it has long been the most influential political party in the Armenian diaspora, it has a comparatively smaller presence in modern-day Armenia. As of October 2021, the party was represented in three national parliaments with ten seats in the National Assembly of Armenia, three seats in t", "political party    entity is a left-wing political party in Armenia. Its main ideological tendencies are socialism.", "village    entity is the regional capital of Campania and the third-largest city of Italy, after Rome and Milan, with a population of 967,069 within the city's administrative limits as of 2017. Its province-level municipality is the third-most populous metropolitan city in Italy with a population of 3,115,320 residents, and its metropolitan area stretches beyond the boundaries of the city wall for approximately 20 miles.", "village    entity is a city in Italy, capital of the homonymous province and of the Campania region. With 989,553 inhabitants in 2014, it is the third Italian municipality for its population, after Rome and Milan.", "album    entity was released in German-speaking countries on 18 September 2009 and \"Automatic\" was released in the United States on 22 September 2009.", "album    entity are two singles from German rock band Tokio Hotel. Automatisch are the band's 13th single, the first single from the Humanoid album.", "political party    entity is a centre-left, populist social-democratic political party in Moldova. Established in 1997, the party holds pro-European views, and is an associate member of the Party of European Socialists and a full member of the Socialist International. According to its statute, the PDM pleads that Moldova is an independent, sovereign, and democratic state, based on law, and integrated in the united family of European democracies.", "political party    entity is a centre-left political party in Moldova, led by former communist Marian Lupu.", "album    entity is a 2002 song recorded by French hip hop artist MC Solaar. The song wasn't included on the rapper's album at the time, but was only released as a single containing also four songs from his previous album, Cinqui\u732bme As. The single topped the chart in France and became the most successful one of the artist.", "album    entity is a song performed by French rapper MC Solaar. The single was released on August 6, 2002 in CD single format. The song enjoyed great success in France where it remained for 4 consecutive weeks at number one in the French-speaking music chart.", "album    entity is eighth full-length studio album by Dragon Ash. It was released on March 4, 2009.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by Japanese fusion band Dragon Ash, released on March 4, 2009 in Japan.", "village    entity is the highest mountain in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg, and the highest in Germany outside of the Alps. The local municipality of Feldberg was named after the mountain.", "village    entity is the highest point of the Black Forest massif, 1,493 m. Located southeast of Freiburg im Breisgau, it is also the highest peak in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg. entity is home to a small ski resort with 21 ski lifts and 50 km of alpine ski slopes. Orientation table at the top, panorama to Mont Blanc. Access on foot or by gondola, 1,230 m to the Feldberghof at 1,444 m, Seebuck, Memorial.", "comics creator    entity is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and record producer. He rose to fame in the early 1990s with his experimental and lo-fi style, and became known for creating musical collages of wide-ranging genres. He has musically encompassed folk, funk, soul, hip hop, electronic, alternative rock, country, and psychedelia. He has released 14 studio albums , as well as several non-album singles and a book of sheet music.", "comics creator    entity is an American author, composer and musician born July 8, 1970.", "album    entity is an American heavy metal band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1998 by guitarist/singer Zakk Wylde. To date, the band has released eleven studio albums, two live albums, two compilation albums, one EP, and three video albums.", "album    entity is an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles. The group was originally founded in 1998 by Zakk Wylde, and has released a total of eight studio albums, a live album, two compilations, and an EP.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Ku\u010devo, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 135 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in Ku\u010devo Municipality, Brani\u010devo District . At the 2011 census, it had 102 inhabitants.", "single    entity was a British military officer and politician. Sykes was a junior officer in the 15th Hussars before becoming interested in military aviation. He was the first Officer Commanding the Military Wing of the Royal Flying Corps before the First World War and later served as the Flying Corps' Chief of Staff in France during the 1914 and 1915. Later in the war, he served in the Royal Naval Air Service in the Eastern Mediterranean before returning to Great Britain where he worked to organise the Machine Gun Corps and manpower planning. In late 1917 and early 1918, Sykes was the deputy to General Wilson on the Supreme War Council and from April 1918 to early 1919 he served as the second Chief of", "single    entity was a British general who served in the British Army during the Second Boer War and the First World War. He then had political responsibilities. Sykes took an early interest in military aviation. He was the first commander of the military branch of the Royal Flying Corps before the outbreak of war.", "village    entity is one of the 26 cantons forming the Swiss Confederation. Its capital city, Bern, is also the de facto capital of Switzerland. The bear is the heraldic symbol of the canton, displayed on a red-yellow background. Formerly part of the Holy Roman Empire, the canton of Bern entered an alliance with the Swiss Forest Cantons in 1323 and joined the Old Swiss Confederacy in 1353.", "village    entity is a bilingual canton of Switzerland whose official languages \u200b\u200bare German and French, and whose chief town and the capital of the country is Bern.", "album    entity is the tenth single by High and Mighty Color; it was released on August 1, 2007.", "album    entity is the 12th single from High and Mighty Color released under SME Records on August 1, 2007 in Japan. It reached number 24 on the Oricon chart. It sold 5,126 copies in the first week and remained charted for 4 weeks, for a total of 8,000 copies sold. entity was used as the 2nd ending credits for the DARKER THAN BLACK -Kuro no Keiyakusha- anime. entity can be found on the 10 Color Singles compilation.", "painter    entity was a French painter, and teacher at the \u00c9cole des Beaux-Arts de l'Indochine in Hanoi 1926\u20131945. His teaching was appreciated for being less academic than the director Victor Tardieu. He shared with Tardieu a keen interest in Vietnam's culture. Inguimberty encouraged his students to experiment with lacquer painting as a fine art painting medium.", "painter    entity is a French painter born in Marseilles on January 18, 1896 and died in Menton on October 8, 1971.", "member of parliament    entity was an Egyptian politician who served as the third president of Egypt, from 15 October 1970 until his assassination by fundamentalist army officers on 6 October 1981. Sadat was a senior member of the Free Officers who overthrew King Farouk in the Egyptian Revolution of 1952, and a close confidant of President Gamal Abdel Nasser, under whom he served as Vice President twice and whom he succeeded as president in 1970. In 1978, Sadat and Menachem Begin, Prime Minister of Israel, signed a peace treaty in cooperation with United States President Jimmy Carter, for which they were recognized with the Nobel Peace Prize.", "member of parliament    entity is an Egyptian statesman. President of the People's Assembly, Vice-President of the Republic of General Gamal Abdel Nasser then Prime Minister, he served as President of the Republic from 1970 until his assassination in 1981. He received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1978, jointly with Israeli Prime Minister Menahem Begin, after the Camp David Accords, in c", "old territory    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Piaseczno, which lies 17 kilometres south of Warsaw. The county contains three other towns: Konstancin-Jeziorna, 8 km east of Piaseczno, G\u00f3ra Kalwaria, 18 km south-east of Piaseczno, and Tarczyn, 16 km south-west of Piaseczno.", "old territory    entity is a powiat in Mazovia Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, following the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. the town of Piaseczno which is 17 kilometers south of Warsaw, the capital of Poland.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina \u8241och\u8d38w, within W\u81cbgr\u8d38w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres north-east of \u8241och\u8d38w, 24 km north-west of W\u81cbgr\u8d38w, and 64 km north-east of Warsaw. The village has an approximate population of 1,700.", "village    entity is a Polish village, located in the Gmina of \u0141 och \u00f3 w of the County of W \u0119 gr \u00f3 w and in the Mazovia Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. It is located about 5 kilometers south of northeast of \u0141och\u00f3w , 24 kilometers northwest of W\u0119gr\u00f3w and 64 kilometers northeast of Warsaw. The village has a population of about 1700 inhabitants in 2006. Portal of Poland Portal from Poland", "screen writer    entity is a Turkish Cypriot-born British-American actor, screenwriter and producer. As an actor he came to prominence for his role as Todd Carr in Dawson's Creek. He has gone on to appear in various series regular and recurring roles on shows such as Jessica Jones, The Blacklist, Graceland, Impastor, 90210, and Kyle XY. As a screenwriter and producer he is best known as co-executive producer and co-writer of the Viceland comedy What Would Diplo Do? starring his Dawson's Creek co-star James Van Der Beek.", "screen writer    entity is a British actor of Turkish Cypriot descent, born on October 26, 1976 in Famagusta.", "single    entity is a Canadian skeleton racer who has competed since 2005. In 2013 Sarah had 3 podium finishes including win in Lake Placid and a silver on home soil in the Whistler World Cup Event. She finished 5th overall in the world cup season. Sarah is now competing in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi for Canada.", "single    entity is a Canadian skeleton athlete. She is a double bronze medalist at the 2013 World Championships, individually and in teams.", "village    entity is a small village and civil parish in the borough of Chorley, Lancashire, in England. The population of the civil parish taken at the 2011 census was 1,748.", "village    entity is an English town and civil parish in the county of Lancashire. In 2001, its population was 1,885.", "village    entity is a commune in the Allier department in central France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Allier in the Auvergne region.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Stragari, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 350 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Stragari, district of \u0160umadija. At the 2011 census, it had 331 inhabitants.", "album    entity is a Little Feat collection released in 1981 two years after the band's break-up following the death of founder Lowell George. Originally released as a double album and later a single CD, it contains alternate versions and live recordings of many Feat tracks as well as some previously unreleased material. The cover is illustrated by Neon Park. 'New' tracks are as follows:", "album    entity is a compilation of Little Feat, released in July 1981.", "screen writer    entity is a Georgian-American actor. He is best known for his roles in the films LOL, Time Lapse and Tbilisi, I Love You", "screen writer    entity is a Georgian-American actor, born January 21, 1990 in Tbilisi.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor, playwright, author, screenwriter, and director whose career spanned half a century. He won ten Obie Awards for writing and directing, the most by any writer or director. He wrote 58 plays as well as several books of short stories, essays, and memoirs. Shepard received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1979 for his play Buried Child and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of pilot Chuck Yeager in the 1983 film The Right Stuff. He received the PEN/Laura Pels Theater Award as a master American dramatist in 2009. New York magazine described Shepard as \"the greatest American playwright of his generation.\"", "screen writer    entity is an American writer, playwright, screenwriter, actor and director.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a historic county in South East England that was formerly an independent medieval Anglo-Saxon kingdom. It is bounded to the west by Hampshire, north by Surrey, northeast by Kent, south by the English Channel, and divided for many purposes into the ceremonial counties of West Sussex and East Sussex.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a county located south of London, on the English Channel. Historically, the kingdom of the South Saxons, or entity, was founded in the 5th century.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bra\u0144sk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres north-west of Bra\u0144sk, 30 km west of Bielsk Podlaski, and 45 km south-west of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok.", "village    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Bra\u0144sk, in the County of Bielsk Podlaski, in the Podlaskie Voivodeship in northeastern Poland.", "village    entity is a municipality located in the province of Palencia, Castile and Le\u00f3n, Spain. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 378 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a Spanish municipality in the province of Palencia, in the autonomous community of Castile and Le\u00f3n. Portal of Castile and Le\u00f3n Portal of Castile and Le\u00f3n", "military unit    entity was at 600 men.", "military unit    entity was a regiment in Canada that only existed for a short time during the 19th century.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at The Abyss in January 1996 and released on July 1 that year by Osmose Productions. It was re-released in digipak format with bonus tracks on June 27, 2006. entity is the first Marduk album to feature Legion, formerly of Ophthalamia, on vocals and Peter T\u00e4gtgren as mixer. This album marked a shift in style for what Marduk are popularly known for; hyper-blast blast beats and furious drum work, sheer brutality over melody , and raw vocals.", "disease    entity is the fourth studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. The album was released under the Osmose Productions label. The album was released in Digipak version on June 27, 2006 under the Regain Records label. It contains four additional titles which are the demo versions of titles present on this album. This is the first album of the group with the singer Legion in the formation. Heaven Shall Burn...", "album    entity is a double album by American musician Frank Zappa. It was originally released as a double album in 1981 and later by Rykodisc as a 20-song CD.", "album    entity is an album by Frank Zappa released in 1981.", "village    entity is an arrondissement of France in the Landes d\u00e9partment in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It has 175 communes. Its population is 180,294 , and its area is 6,048.4 km2 . Its surface area of over 6,000 km\u00b2 is the largest of any arrondissement in Metropolitan France, its size being comparable to an entire d\u00e9partement such as the Eure.", "village    entity is a French administrative division located in the Landes department, in the Aquitaine region. Extending over more than 6,000 km2, it is the largest arrondissement in metropolitan France, with the dimension of the department of Eure.", "public transit system    entity is a Japanese railway line operated by the private railway operator Keio Corporation, connecting Hashimoto Station in Sagamihara, Kanagawa Prefecture and Ch\u014dfu Station in Ch\u014dfu, Tokyo.", "public transit system    entity is a privately-owned Kei\u014d railway line in Tokyo and Kanagawa prefectures in Japan. It connects Ch\u014dfu Station to Hashimoto Station. It is a branch of the Kei\u014d line.", "village    entity is a district of the city of Xuchang, Henan province, China.", "village    entity is an administrative district of Henan Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Xuchang.", "tennis player    entity is a German professional ice hockey player currently with the Grizzlys Wolfsburg in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga . He joined Wolfsburg from DEL rival the Hannover Scorpions.", "tennis player    entity is a German professional ice hockey player.", "vice president    entity was a Chinese-American architect. Raised in Shanghai, Pei drew inspiration at an early age from the garden villas at Suzhou, the traditional retreat of the scholar-gentry to which his family belonged. In 1935, he moved to the United States and enrolled in the University of Pennsylvania's architecture school, but he quickly transferred to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He was unhappy with the focus at both schools on Beaux-Arts architecture, and spent his free time researching emerging architects, especially Le Corbusier. After graduating, he joined the Harvard Graduate School of Design and became a friend of the Bauhaus architects Walter Gropius and Marcel Breuer. In 1948, P", "vice president    entity is an American architect of Chinese origin, born in Canton on April 26, 1917. His achievements are characterized by the search for a certain purity of forms combined with functional efficiency, inscribed in the movement of the international style and in the line of Walter Gropius.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Zwole\u0144 County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Kazan\u00f3w, which lies approximately 12 kilometres south-west of Zwole\u0144 and 110 km south-east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 94.76 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 4,699.", "village    entity is an administrative district located in rural Zwole\u0144 County in the Masovian Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. Its administrative seat is the village of Kazan\u00f3w, which lies approximately 12 kilometers south- west of Zwole\u0144 and 110 kilometers southeast of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b94.76 km2 with a population of 4,699 in 2006.", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "soccer player    entity is a Brazilian former footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. He spent most of his career at Bayer 04 Leverkusen in Germany and Urawa Red Diamonds in Japan.", "soccer player    entity is a Brazilian footballer.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres north-west of Bielsk Podlaski and 32 km south of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok.", "village    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Bielsk Podlaski, in the county of Bielsk Podlaski, in the voivodship of Podlasie.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game, published in 1989 by California Dreams, developed in Poland by Aleksander Ustaszewski and Miros\u0142aw Zab\u0142ocki.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game developed by PZK Development Group and published by California Dreams in 1989. The game is available on arcade machine, Amiga, Apple IIGS, Atari ST, Commodore 64, Commodore Plus/ 4, DOS, Lynx and Mega Drive. The game was designed by Alexander Ustaszewski. Blockout takes the concept of Tetris by adding a new factor: 3D.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Golubac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 142 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Golubac , district of Brani \u010devo . At the 2011 census, it had 43 inhabitants.", "album    entity is a song by British hard rock band Deep Purple, first released as a single in June 1970 and later included on the 25th Anniversary version of their 1970 album, Deep Purple in Rock. It became a hit following its release, peaking at No. 2 on UK charts, and remains Deep Purple's highest charting UK single. It topped the charts in Switzerland, and is one of only two singles from the band to chart in Ireland, peaking at No. 4, thus making it the group's only Irish Top 10 hit. It was also the second non-album single penned by the band and also reached number 6 in South Africa.", "album    entity is a song by the British hard rock band Deep Purple released in 1970. It was released as a single in June 1970 to promote the album In Rock, on which it did not appear, and met with great success on both sides of the Atlantic: No. 2 in the UK, No. 66 in the United States. The band quickly incorporated it into their live repertoire, usually as an encore.", "village    entity is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher in the Center region.", "screen writer    entity is a Belarusian journalist leading music TV programs, model of Azerbaijani ancestry. In particular, was host the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2010, which was held in Minsk , Leila was the spokesman of the Belarusian voting in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011, and has been leading the national selection in Belarus for Eurovision 2012.", "screen writer    entity is a Belarusian journalist, music TV presenter and model. In particular, she co-hosted the 2010 edition of the Junior Eurovision Song Contest which took place in Minsk, announced the results of Belarus's vote in the 2011 edition and hosted the Belarusian internal selection for the 2012 edition.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman and kickboxer. Holmberg has played for HIFK and HPK in Liiga, the top professional ice hockey league in Finland. He was also the captain of HIFK U20 in the Jr. A SM-liiga.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "musical artist    entity is a Japanese music composer, pianist, and music director who works for the video game company Nintendo. He is best known for his involvement in numerous contributions in the Super Mario and The Legend of Zelda series of video games, among others produced by the company. Kondo was hired by Nintendo in 1984, becoming the first person hired by them to specialize in musical composition for video games. Shortly after, Kondo was assigned as the sound designer on the 1985 game Super Mario Bros. His work on the game, especially the overworld musical theme, has often been cited as among the most memorable in video games.", "musical artist    entity is a Japanese composer and musician who worked primarily for Nintendo. He composed the original music for most of the Kyoto company's major games, including the soundtracks for the Super Mario and The Legend of Zelda series.", "film    entity is a 1946 American film noir drama directed by Vincente Minnelli and starring Katharine Hepburn, Robert Taylor, and Robert Mitchum. The screenplay was written by Edward Chodorov, based on the story \"You Were There'\" by Thelma Strabel, and allegedly contained uncredited contributions from Marguerite Roberts.", "film    entity is a 1946 American film directed by Vincente Minnelli.", "video game    entity is a platform-independent acronym for disk operating system which later became a common shorthand for disk-based operating systems on IBM PC compatibles. entity primarily consists of Microsoft's MS-entity and a rebranded version under the name IBM PC entity, both of which were introduced in 1981. Later compatible systems from other manufacturers include DR entity , ROM-entity , PTS-entity , and Freeentity . MS-entity dominated the IBM PC compatible market between 1981 and 1995.", "video game    entity is generally referred to as the PC-entity operating system developed by Microsoft for the IBM PC, as well as the MS-entity variant sold by Microsoft for compatible PCs. Later clones exist, such as Digital Research's DR-entity and Freeentity. Until the early 1990s, entity was the most widely used system on compatible PCs.", "writer    entity was a German politician from the German Democratic Republic . He was born in Berlin into a middle-class Protestant family. Dertinger briefly studied law and economics. After his study he became a journalist and later editor for the Magdeburger Volkszeitung and the nationalistic newspaper Der Stahlhelm. He broke with the Stahlhelm because of its rigid right-wing philosophy. He sympathized with the German National People's Party, a right-wing nationalist party.", "writer    entity was a German politician. Between 1949 and 1953, he was Minister of Foreign Affairs in the government of the GDR.", "disease    entity is funeral doom metal band Shape of Despair's second studio album. It was mastered in Finnvox by Mika Jussila. The album is packaged in a digipak and includes no booklet, though the lyrics can be viewed on the band's official website.", "disease    entity is the second studio album by Finnish funeral doom metal band Shape of Despair. The album was released in 2001 under the Spinefarm Records label. We can notice a detail on this album: there is no booklet inside its cover. The lyrics of the songs from the album can be found on the band's official website.", "film    entity is a 1923 American short comedy film co-directed by and starring Buster Keaton. It was one of Keaton's final short films.", "film    entity is a 1923 American silent film written and directed by Buster Keaton and Edward F. Cline.", "politician    entity was a Zambian politician who was the second president of Zambia from 1991 to 2002. Chiluba, a trade union leader, won the country's multi-party presidential election in 1991 as the candidate of the Movement for Multi-party Democracy , defeating long-time President Kenneth Kaunda. He was re-elected in 1996. As he was unable to run for a third term in 2001, former Vice President Levy Mwanawasa instead ran as the MMD candidate and succeeded him. After leaving office, Chiluba was the subject of a long investigation and trial regarding alleged corruption; he was eventually acquitted in 2009.", "politician    entity was a Zambian politician, President of the Republic from 1991 to 2002.", "album    entity is the third and final single by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails from their album With Teeth. It is the twenty-first official Nine Inch Nails release. The commercial single was released on April 4, 2006, as an EP.", "album    entity is an industrial metal single from the band Nine Inch Nails released in 2006. Rock portal Rock portal Metal portal Metal portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "album    entity is the ninth studio album by English musician David Bowie, released on 7 March 1975 by RCA Records. The album marked a departure from the glam rock style of Bowie's previous albums, showcasing his interest in soul and R&B. Commentators have described the record as blue-eyed soul, although Bowie himself labelled the album's sound \"plastic soul\". Initial recording sessions took place following the first leg of his Diamond Dogs Tour in August 1974 at Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia with producer Tony Visconti and a variety of musicians, including guitarist Carlos Alomar, who would become one of Bowie's most frequent collaborators. Backing vocalists included singer Ava Cherry, Alomar's wife Robin Clark and then-unknown singer Luther Vandross. After the initial sessions, the", "album    entity is David Bowie's ninth studio album.", "album    entity is the third studio album by British rock band Starsailor. The album was released on 17 October 2005. It was led by the first single, \"In the Crossfire\" on 3 October 2005. entity has been certified Silver in the UK. The song \"Jeremiah\" was written about the death of Jeremiah Duggan, James Walsh having heard Duggan's mother talking about it on the radio.", "album    entity is the name of the third studio album by English pop/rock band Starsailor, released on October 17, 2005. This album, led by the single In the Crossfire, reached number 11 on the UK charts.", "comics creator    entity was a Russian public figure, philosopher, and poet.", "comics creator    entity is a Russian philosopher, poet and writer born on October 9, 1813 in Ouderevka and died on July 7, 1840 in Novi Ligure, mainly known for the circle he gathered around him and which bears his name, which had a lasting influence on the Moscow intelligentsia, and for his epistolary correspondence with some of its members, notably Konstantin Aksakov, Mikhail Bakunin, Vissarion Belinsky and Vasily Botkin.", "album    entity is a song by rock band U2 and the third track on their 2009 album No Line on the Horizon. During the initial recording sessions for the album in 2007 in Fez, Morocco, the band wrote the song with producers Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois within a few hours. Together, they recorded the song in a single take; Eno called the song's recording \"the most amazing studio experience ever had\". According to him and Lanois, the track is the closest the band came to realising their original concept for the album of writing \"future hymns\". The seven-minute song features gospel-like vocals in the chorus, along with a predominantly organ- and piano-based musical accompaniment. Lyrically, the song is about a drug addict who is undergoing a crisis of faith.", "album    entity is a rock song by U2 and lead singer Bono, featured on their 12th studio album, No Line on the Horizon.", "actor    entity is an American voice actress, comedian and singer-songwriter. DeLisle is known for various roles in animated productions and video games. On September 27, 2018, she released her debut comedy act, titled \"My First Comedy Special\". On November 10, 2019, The Simpsons producers announced that DeLisle would replace Russi Taylor as the voice of Martin Prince and Sherri and Terri, after Taylor's death in July 2019.", "actor    entity is an American actress, voice actress, and singer-songwriter. She is best known for her \"villain\" roles as Azula in Avatar: The Last Master. air.", "soccer tournament    entity was the eighth DFB-Supercup, an annual football match contested by the winners of the previous season's Bundesliga and DFB-Pokal competitions. The match was played at the Olympiastadion, Munich, and contested by league champions Bayern Munich and cup winners Werder Bremen.", "soccer tournament    entity is the eighth edition of the German Supercup, an event which opposes the German champion to the winner of the German Cup. Disputed on August 7, 1994 at the Olympic Stadium in Munich in front of 27,000 spectators, the match was won by Werder Bremen at the expense of the local club, Bayern Munich.", "album    entity is a song by American electronica musician Moby. It was released as the third single from his third studio album, Everything Is Wrong on February 13, 1995. Guest vocals on the song are performed by Rozz Morehead and Kochie Banton.", "album    entity is a song by American electronic artist Moby released in 1995 as the fourth single from the album Everything is Wrong. The song also appears on Moby's EP Disk.", "album    entity is the third studio album by British record producer and recording artist Taio Cruz. Taking a more electronic music sound than his previous releases, entity was released in December 2011 by Universal Island Records but for reasons unknown to Cruz, its British and American release were held off. Instead, a year after its original release, an extended play version of the album titled The Fast Hits was released in the UK on 16 December 2012.", "album    entity is the third studio album by British singer Taio Cruz. The album is first available in Germany since December 2, 2011 by the label Island Records. But the album was not released in France until January 30, 2012.", "christian bishop    entity is a member church of the worldwide Anglican Communion. It is a mainline Protestant denomination and is divided into nine provinces. The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church is Michael Bruce Curry, the first African-American bishop to serve in that position.", "christian bishop    entity is the name taken by the American Anglican Church to show its autonomy from England during the war of independence of the colonies. It is divided into 9 provinces and 110 dioceses, Honduras, Puerto Rico and Venezuela).", "senator    entity was an American politician and academic who served as the 28th president of the United States from 1913 to 1921. A member of the Democratic Party, Wilson served as the president of Princeton University and as the governor of New Jersey before winning the 1912 presidential election. As President, Wilson changed the nation's economic policies and led the United States into World War I in 1917. He was the leading architect of the League of Nations, and his progressive stance on foreign policy came to be known as Wilsonianism.", "senator    entity is the twenty-eighth President of the United States. He was elected for two terms from 1913 to 1921. He launched the idea of \u200b\u200ban international cooperation body, the League of Nations, which the United States would never join. The Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to him in 1919.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey team playing in the Danish ice hockey league, Metal Ligaen. The ice hockey team first appeared in 1967 as AaB Ice Hockey organized under Aalborg Boldspilklub. They play in the Danish national league and won the Danish league championship in 1981. In 1997 AaB Ishockey merged with a smaller club, IK Aalborg. The merged team was known as Aalborg Ishockey Klub in the period 1997\u20132003, but following financial instability in the club, the professional license was transferred to Aalborg Boldspilklub . The team is located in Aalborg in the northern part of Jutland and ceased operations at the end of the 2011/12 season, where it was put up for sale. In 2012 the team was bought by inve", "sports league    entity is an ice hockey club from Aalborg, Denmark. He plays in AL-Bank league in the Danish elite.", "album    entity is the debut album by American recording artist entity Evans. It was released by Bad Boy Records on August 29, 1995 in the United States. A collaboration with the label's main producers The Hitmen, including members Sean \"Puff Daddy\" Combs and Chucky Thompson, as well as Mark Ledford, Herb Middleton, and Jean-Claude Olivier, among others.", "album    entity is entity Evans' debut studio album, released on August 29, 1995.", "village    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is M\u0142awa, which lies 109 kilometres north-west of Warsaw. The county covers an area of 1,182.3 square kilometres . As of 2019 its total population is 72,906, out of which the population of M\u0142awa is 31,241, and the rural population is 41,665.", "village    entity is a county town in Mazovia Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, following Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. powiat is the town of M\u0142awa, the only town in the powiat, which is 109 kilometers east of Warsaw, the capital of Poland. The district covers an area of \u200b\u200b1,182.3 square kilometers .", "album    entity is the third studio album by American rapper Jay-Z. It was released on September 29, 1998, by Roc-A-Fella Records and Def Jam Recordings. It went on to become his most commercially successful album, selling over 5 million copies in the United States. In the liner notes of the album, Jay-Z gives his thoughts on various tracks. The lyrics to the fast-paced \"Nigga What, Nigga Who \" are also included.", "album    entity is the third studio album by rapper Jay-Z. With 5 million records sold in the United States, it is Jay-Z's best-selling album to date. This album also marks the beginning of the collaboration with producer Timbaland. On May 15, 2000, the album was certified quintuple platinum by the RIAA.", "politician    entity is a Latvian public official and politician, currently serving as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Latvia, a role he has held since 2011. Before beginning in this role, he served as head of the Chancery of the President of Latvia, as State Secretary of the Ministry of Defence, as well as a deputy of the Saeima. Having previously represented Latvian Way and the Reform Party, he has been a member of the Unity party since May 2014.", "politician    entity is a Latvian diplomat and politician, member of the Reform Party .", "screen writer    entity was a British Special Operations Executive officer who worked as a liaison officer with the Yugoslav Partisans and Chetniks in occupied Yugoslavia during World War II.", "screen writer    entity is a British officer who during World War II was recruited by the Special Operations Executive and fought in Yugoslavia and Poland.", "album    entity is a song by English rock band Muse. It was released as the second single from their fifth studio album, The Resistance, on 16 November 2009. The song was written by lead vocalist Matthew Bellamy, who has described the song as being \"quite a personal song about me and my girlfriend.\" The song peaked at number 49 on the UK Singles Chart. It also achieved large success in Australia where it was certified Platinum and is Muse's highest charting single in that country.", "album    entity is the third track from Muse's 2009 album The Resistance and the 23rd single from their discography. It was recorded between late 2008 and early 2009 in Milan with the rest of the album in Matthew Bellamy's personal studio. The particularity of this song is that it is the only one in the group's discography on which Matthew Bellamy does not play guitar or piano.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League for the Minnesota Wild and Columbus Blue Jackets. He was drafted by the Columbus Blue Jackets as their fifth-round pick, #133 overall, in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. Nummelin is the son of Timo Nummelin, a Finnish ice hockey hall of famer.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He is the son of Timo Nummelin.", "football match    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Fribourg-Gott\u00e9ron of the National League .", "football match    entity is a Swiss ice hockey player playing as a defender. He plays with the Swiss club CP Bern in the National League A.", "governmental administrative region    entity are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps.", "governmental administrative region    The Alpes gr\u00e9es or Alpes graies designate a subset and a massif of the Franco-Italian Alps straddling the regions of the Aosta Valley and Piedmont and the department of Savoie, to which we can add Haute-Savoie and the canton of Valais.", "senator    entity was an American lawyer, jurist and statesman. He also served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.", "senator    entity was an American lawyer and Republican who served as United States Attorney General in the Hayes administration.", "village    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 259 inhabitants.", "political party    entity is the dominant political party in Mozambique. Founded in 1962, entity began as a nationalist movement fighting for the self-determination and independence of Mozambique from Portuguese colonial rule. During its anti-colonial struggle, entity managed to maintain friendly relations with both the Soviet Union and China, and received military and economic assistance from both Moscow and Beijing. Independence was achieved in June 1975 after the Carnation Revolution in Lisbon the previous year. It formally became a political party during its 3rd Party Congress in February 1977, and adopted Marxism\u2013Leninism as its official ideology and entity Party (Par", "political party    entity is a Mozambican political party founded in 1962 during the Mozambican War of Independence. Communist-oriented during the Cold War, it was until 1990 the single party in power under the regime of the People's Republic of Mozambique.", "album    entity is a song recorded by American singer Madonna for her sixth studio album Bedtime Stories . It was written as an answer song to her critics, who had panned her provocative image of the previous two years and Madonna's release of sexually explicit works. Written and produced by Madonna and Dave Hall, entity includes a looping sample from Main Source's 1994 track \"What You Need\", therefore its writers Shawn McKenzie, Kevin McKenzie and Michael Deering are also credited. The track was released on June 6, 1995, by Maverick Records as the fourth and final single from Bedtime Stories.", "album    entity is the final single from Madonna's Bedtime Stories album.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrz\u0119bia, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-west of Jastrz\u0119bia, 10 km north of Radom, and 83 km south of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Jastrz \u0119 bia in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "film    entity is an avant-garde silent film directed by Guy Maddin and shot in Seattle with local actors. Maddin directed the film from a script co-written with George Toles, shooting over nine days and editing over three months, on an estimated budget of $40,000.", "film    entity is a 2006 American-Canadian black-and-white fantasy drama directed by Guy Maddin released on September 24, 2008 in France. This film is the second installment of an autobiographical trilogy that Maddin calls his 'Me Trilogy. ', started with And the cowards kneel...", "single    entity is an American former professional baseball first baseman, who played in Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Indians , Cincinnati Reds, Milwaukee Brewers , Tampa Bay Devil Rays, San Diego Padres, Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, Seattle Mariners , Arizona Diamondbacks, and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed. While primarily a first baseman, Branyan was capable of playing third base and the outfield, as well.", "single    entity was a first baseman, third baseman and outfielder who played in Major League Baseball from 1998 to 2011. In 2014, he was signed with the Cleveland Indians.", "musical artist    entity is an American jazz double bassist. His appearances on 2,221 recording sessions make him the most-recorded jazz bassist in history. Carter has two Grammy awards. Carter is also a cellist who has recorded numerous times on that instrument.", "musical artist    entity is an American jazz bassist born May 4, 1937 in Ferndale, Michigan. The unique sound of his music and his famous glissendo have made him a legendary figure in jazz as well as a musician in demand. His contributions to over 2,500 albums make him one of the most recorded double bassists in jazz history. entity rose to fame playing with Miles Davis.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian ice hockey forward currently playing for the Thetford Assurancia of the French Ligue Nord-Am\u00e9ricaine de Hockey. He previously played in the National League with HC Ambr\u00ec-Piotta and EHC Kloten. He is the son of former World Hockey Association player Rejean Giroux.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player. He is the son of former Quebec Nordiques player R\u00e9jean Giroux.", "politician    entity is a Tunisian politician. He holds a degree in political sociology and International Relations from the International Studies Association in Tunis.", "politician    entity is a Tunisian politician.", "christian bishop    entity is a cathedral church in Reykjav\u00edk, Iceland, the seat of the Bishop of Iceland and mother church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Iceland, as well as the parish church of the old city centre and environs. It is located at Austurv\u00f6llur, and next to it is Al\u00feingish\u00fasi\u00f0 . Since Iceland's parliament, the Al\u00feingi, was resurrected in 1845, each session of parliament has begun with a Mass at the cathedral, and from there the dean of the cathedral leads the members of parliament to the parliament house.", "christian bishop    entity is Iceland's only Lutheran cathedral, the seat of the Church of Iceland. It is located in Austurv\u00f6llur in the western part of Reykjavik. It was built at the end of the 18th century on the occasion of the merger between the dioceses of Sk\u00e1lholt and H\u00f3lar which were grouped together in Reykjavik. The present appearance of the cathedral dates from 1847.", "video game    entity is a role-playing video game developed by Square for the PlayStation and released in Japan on July 11, 1997. The game was later published by Sony Computer Entertainment in North America on March 25, 1998. It is the seventh game in the SaGa series, the first to be released on the PlayStation, and the first to be released under the SaGa brand outside Japan . A remastered version featuring additional characters, events and features was released on April 15, 2021 for Android, iOS, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4.", "video game    entity is a PlayStation role-playing video game developed by Square released in Japan in July 1997 and in the United States in March 1998. It is the seventh installment in the SaGa game series, the first on Playstation, and also won a great success, selling 1.08 million copies in Japan.", "castle    entity is a summit in the Gasherbrum massif of the Baltoro Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram on the border between Xinjiang, China and Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. It is situated between Gasherbrum II and IV. Gasherbrum III fails to meet a 500 metres topographic prominence cutoff to be an independent mountain; hence it can be considered a subpeak of Gasherbrum II.", "castle    entity is the fifteenth highest peak in the world. It lies between Gasherbrum II and Gasherbrum IV in Gasherbrum located in Karakoram. entity was, in 1974, the highest mountain that had ever been climbed.", "album    entity is a song by American producer Timbaland. It was released on December 1, 2009, as the fourth single from his third studio album Shock Value II . The song features singer Katy Perry and served as the album's second worldwide single. Timbaland's brother Sebastian also has uncredited vocals at the end of the song. entity reached number one in the Czech Republic and New Zealand while peaking within the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Norway, Poland, Slovakia, Spain, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom.", "album    entity is a song from Timbaland's third studio album, Shock Value II. The song served as the album's second worldwide single. It was also the fourth and final single taken from the album. The song features pop singer Katy Perry. Timbaland's brother, Sebastian is also featured at the end of the song but his rap lines were not credited.", "military unit    entity is small force of about 2,500 personnel. It maintains 12 well-equipped coastal patrol boats and eight missile boats.Although primarily concerned with coastal defense, the Navy is constructing a six-unit class of blue water corvettes in conjunction with French shipbuilder .The UAE maintains a small battalion-sized marine force called the UAE Marines equipped with BMP-3 armoured personnel carriers.", "military unit    entity is a small force of around 2,500 personnel. Although primarily concerned with coastal defense, the navy built a class of six corvettes in conjunction with France.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American rock band Black Rebel Motorcycle Club. It was first released in the UK on August 25, 2003, and in the US on September 2, 2003. The album was reissued with bonus tracks in 2008. The album cover is a homage to the film The Third Man. The album has a darker, harder rock sound than their debut album, and also contains more politically themed lyrics. The album reached #3 in the United Kingdom music charts despite receiving mixed reviews, and is almost universally credited as a lesser achievement than its predecessor B.R.M.C..", "album    entity is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Black Rebel Motorcycle Club, released on August 25, 2003 in the United Kingdom and September 2, 2003 in the United States by Virgin Records.", "actor    entity is an American fashion designer best known for her feminine and whimsical designs. Many of her designs are considered \"over the top\" and embellished. She also is known for doing a cartwheel ending in a split at the end of her fashion shows.", "actor    entity is an American fashion designer known for her feminine and whimsical creations. Many of his creations are considered \"out of bounds\". She is also known for doing the cartwheel at the end of her fashion shows.", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Occitanie region of south-western France. The inhabitants of the commune are known as Beaucinois or Beaucinoises.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department, in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "comics creator    entity is the creative guise of British musician Jamie Irrepressible.", "comics creator    entity is a ten-piece orchestra led by composer and performer Jamie McDermott, described by Liberation as \"whimsically elegant at the service of a singular baroque universe.\u201d They recorded a first studio album, Mirror Mirror, a CD/DVD set called From The Circus to the Sea, then the album Nude, each of which earned them some critical and public recognition.", "vice president    entity is currently owned by Bridgestone Multimedia Group Global.", "vice president    entity was a video game publishing and development company of the late 1970s and 1980s. The company was founded as Automated Simulations by Jim Connelley and Jon Freeman, originally using entity as a name brand name for action-oriented games, before renaming the company entity in 1983. entity released a long string of hits in the 1980s, but went bankrupt in 1989 before disappearing for good in 1993.", "actor    entity is a New Zealand classical crossover singer and songwriter. Her first internationally released album, Pure, reached number one on the UK classical charts in 2003 and has sold more than two million copies worldwide, making it one of the fastest selling albums in her country's history. She is one of the youngest UNICEF Ambassadors to date. Westenra has sung in English, M\u0101ori, Irish, Welsh, Spanish, Italian, German, French, Portuguese, Latin, Japanese, Standard Mandarin Chinese, Catalan, and Taiwanese Hokkien.", "actor    entity is a New Zealand soprano singer born on April 10, 1987. Hayley released her first album in 2001 only in New Zealand. It went three times platinum and made her the fastest-selling local artist in New Zealand history. His international career started in 2003 with an album titled Pure.", "screen writer    entity is an American romantic comedy-drama and satirical telenovela developed by Jennie Snyder Urman. The series premiered October 13, 2014, on The CW and concluded on July 31, 2019. It is a loose adaptation of the Venezuelan telenovela Juana la virgen created by Perla Far\u00edas. It stars Gina Rodriguez as Jane Villanueva, a devout 23-year-old Latina virgin who becomes pregnant after an accidental artificial insemination by her gynecologist. It parodies common tropes and devices in Latin American telenovelas.", "screen writer    entity is an American television series developed by Jennie Snyder Urman and adapted from the Venezuelan telenovela Juana la Virgen de Perla Far\u00edas, broadcast since October 13, 2014 on The CW network. The series is still unpublished in all French-speaking countries.", "american football player    entity is a former American football quarterback of the National Football League. He was signed by the Seattle Seahawks as a street free agent in 2000. He played college football at Pittsburgh. Lytle was also a member of the Carolina Panthers, Baltimore Ravens and Colorado Crush.", "american football player    entity is an American football player.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in Oceania that comprises the eastern half of the island of New Guinea and its offshore islands in Melanesia . Its capital, located along its southeastern coast, is Port Moresby. It is the world's third largest island country with an area of 462,840 km2 .", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in Oceania occupying mainly the eastern half of the island of New Guinea over an area of \u200b\u200b462,840 km \u2014 the other half, Western New Guinea, being under Indonesian sovereignty. It is located in nearby Oceania, in the southwestern Pacific Ocean, north of Australia, and west of the Solomon Islands.", "musical artist    entity was an American popular music pianist. Described by the Los Angeles Times as \"one of the most popular instrumentalists of the mid-20th century\", and \"the rare instrumental pop artist to strike a lasting commercial chord,\" Williams had 22 hit singles \u2013 including the chart-topping \"Autumn Leaves\" in 1955 and \"Born Free\" in 1966 \u2013 and 38 hit albums between 1955 and 1972. He was a Navy boxing champion, played for nine U.S. Presidential administrations, and had a gold Steinway & Sons grand piano model named in his honor.", "musical artist    entity was a popular American pianist. He recorded more than a hundred albums during his career, and 23 of his singles were on Billboard magazine's Hot 100 chart from 1955 to 1969.", "soccer manager    entity was a Ukrainian-Russian professional ice hockey player. Born in Kyiv, Sobchenko spent the entirety of his professional hockey career with Lokomotiv Yaroslavl of the Kontinental Hockey League. He was a member of the Russian national team that competed in the IIHF World Championship's under 18 and under 20 levels; winning gold for the country in 2011. Sobchenko was drafted 166th overall in the 2011 NHL Entry Draft by the San Jose Sharks. He died along with the entire Lokomotiv team in a plane crash on the first day of the 2011\u201312 season.", "soccer manager    entity is a Ukrainian-Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a striker.", "comedian    entity is an American singer, songwriter, musician, and activist. Her contemporary folk music often includes songs of protest and social justice. Baez has performed publicly for over 60 years, releasing over 30 albums. Fluent in Spanish and English, she has also recorded songs in at least six other languages.", "comedian    entity is an American folk music singer, born in New York on January 9, 1941. entity is one of the voices of the 1960s and 1970s. This soprano, often nicknamed \"the queen of folk\", \"the madonna of the poor people\", imposes Bob Dylan and his songs to the American public as well as to the whole world. She sings Anglo-Irish ballads adapted in American folk to gospel.", "screen writer    entity is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party .", "screen writer    entity is a German socialist politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament, President of the Land of Lower Saxony and, June 2012, he is Minister for the Economy, Energy, Industry, SMEs and Crafts in North Rhine- Westphalia.", "album    entity is the second live album by British rock band The Who, recorded in 1982 during what was then billed as the band's \"farewell tour\". Thus, this album, released in 1984, was to be the band's last album. Notable by their absence from this recording, released by MCA two years after the tour, are songs from the band's two then recent Warner Bros. Records albums, Face Dances and It's Hard, although they played \"The Quiet One\" and several songs from It's Hard every night on the tour.", "album    entity is a double live album by The Who, recorded during their 'farewell tour' of 1982 and released two years later. It includes a selection of tracks performed on the last dates of the tour, at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto. This selection notably excludes songs from the group's last two studio albums, Face Dances and It's Hard.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Japanese recording artist Ayumi Hamasaki for her third studio album, Duty . It was written by Hamasaki, while production was handled by Max Matsuura. It premiered on June 7, 2000 as the third single from the album. The song is the final part of a trilogy from Duty; the other two singles being \"Vogue\" and \"Far Away\".", "album    entity is Ayumi Hamasaki's 16th single released under the Avex Trax label in 2000, or her 17th including Nothing from Nothing.", "video game    entity is an action-adventure game developed by Prope for the Wii and Kadokawa Games for the Wii U and Nintendo 3DS. The game stars Rodea, an android who possesses the ability to fly and a \"heart\". These traits result in Rodea becoming a soldier in order to fulfill his promise of protecting the kingdom of Garuda, a series of islands that float in the sky, from the ground-based Naga Empire and its leader, Emperor Geardo. Although development was completed in 2011, entity went unreleased for four years until it finally saw a release in Japan in April 2015, and then a subsequent worldwide release in November 2015. The Wii version was the last game released for that platform in Japan.", "video game    entity is an action video game developed by Kadokawa Games and Prope for Wii Wii U, and Nintendo 3DS. It was released on April 2, 2015 in Japan, and will be released in October 2015 in North America and Europe.", "album    entity is an American post-rock band formed in Chicago, Illinois in 1990. The band incorporates krautrock, dub, minimal music, electronica and jazz into their music, a combination sometimes termed \"post-rock\". entity have been consistently credited for the rise of the post-rock movement in the 1990s.", "album    entity is a Post-Rock band, founded in 1993 in Chicago. The group offers a mix between rock jazz, electronica, dub and ambient.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American hip hop recording artist Diddy. It was released on October 17, 2006, by Bad Boy Records. It is his first album under the \"Diddy\" stage name, making this his first release distributed by Warner Music Group's Atlantic Records. entity features several guest contributions from Nicole Scherzinger, Christina Aguilera, Keyshia Cole, Brandy, Jamie Foxx, Ciara, Nas, Timbaland, Mary J. Blige, CeeLo Green, Keri Hilson, Big Boi, Mario Winans, Avant and Fergie, among others. Primarily dance-pop and hip hop-oriented in sound, it is a loose conceptual album that contains the lyrical themes discussing the concerns to the ups and downs of his relationship.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Sean Combs, released on October 17, 2006. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on November 21, 2006 and has sold over 700,000 copies in the United States. . It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200, selling over 173,009 copies in one week.", "village    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. entity is situated in the heart of the region of Armagnac and produces the best Armagnac in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a commune in the south-west of France, located in the Landes department.", "screen writer    entity was a German politician of the Christian Democratic Union. She was Federal Minister of Health in the German Cabinet from 1961 to 1966, the first woman to hold a Ministerial position in Germany.", "screen writer    entity was a German politician and member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. 1961 to 1966, the post of Federal Minister of Health Affairs in the black-yellow coalitions of Konrad Adenauer and Ludwig Erhard, being the first woman to sit in a German cabinet and the first holder of the new Health portfolio.", "lake    entity is a tributary of the Missouri River, 729 mi long, in the U.S. state of Montana and the Canadian province of Alberta. Rising in the Rocky Mountains, the river drains a sparsely populated, semi-arid watershed of 23,800 sq mi , ending just east of Fort Peck, Montana.", "lake    entity is a river in North America. 1,173 km long, it crosses the American state of Montana and the Canadian province of Alberta. It empties into the Missouri and is therefore a sub-tributary of the Mississippi.", "actor    entity is an American singer and rapper. Brown, alongside frequent collaborator Teddy Riley, is noted as one of the pioneers of new jack swing: a fusion of hip hop and R&B. Brown started his career in the R&B and pop group New Edition, from its inception in 1978 until his exit from the group in December 1985. Brown's next album Bobby spawned several singles including \"Humpin' Around\", \"Get Away\", and \"Good Enough\", however, sales of Bobby did not reach the level of its predecessor.", "actor    entity is an American singer, songwriter, producer and actor born on February 5, 1969 in Boston, Massachusetts in the United States. Ex-husband of Whitney Houston the diva of RnB", "village    entity is the part of Sobienie Szlacheckie village, Gmina Sobienie-Jeziory. From 1975 to 1998 this place was in Siedlce Voivodeship. It lies approximately 21 km south of Otwock and 39 km south-east of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish hamlet in the village of Sobienie Szlacheckie of the gmina of Sobienie-Jeziory in the county of Otwock in the Masovian Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. It is located about 21 kilometers south of Otwock and 39 kilometers southeast of Warsaw. The village has a population of approximately 100 inhabitants.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Sutton played defence in the National Hockey League for the Buffalo Sabres, Edmonton Oilers, St. Louis Blues, New Jersey Devils, San Jose Sharks and New York Islanders.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player.", "village    entity is an Andic language of the Northeast Caucasian language family spoken by the entitys in the and Ashino villages in southwestern Dagestan, Russia by approximately 210 people, according to the 2010 census.", "village    entity is a Caucasian language that belongs to the Avaro-Andi language group, of the Nakho-Dagestanian language family. entity is spoken in the area of \u200b\u200bthe same name of the Republic of Dagestan by about 3,000 people. The language is not written. The entitys also use Russian and are bilingual with Avar.", "american football player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman. Kwiatkowski played 282 games in the National Hockey League .", "american football player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is the eleventh studio album by American musician Beck. entity features two contributions by Cat Power and was produced by Beck and Danger Mouse. The album lasts 33 minutes, making it the shortest album by Beck to date. It was released on July 8, 2008 , fulfilling Beck's recording contract with Interscope Records, along with Geffen as well. Critics' reviews were favorable. A vinyl record of the album, including download codes for the 320-kbit/s digital version of the album direct from the master vinyl, was released on July 22, 2008.", "album    entity is a Beck album released in 2008. This album is produced by Danger Mouse, producer of Demon Days, Gorillaz and The Gray Album, among others.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, director, and producer. He began acting on television in the early 1980s on the NBC drama series Little House on the Prairie, the NBC/Syndication sitcom Silver Spoons, and the NBC/CBS sitcom The Hogan Family. In 2003\u20132019, he became known for his role of Michael Bluth on the Fox/Netflix sitcom Arrested Development, for which he won a Golden Globe and a Satellite Award. He has also starred in the films Teen Wolf Too , The Break-Up , Juno , Hancock , Up in the Air, Couples Retreat, Extract , The Switch , Paul , Horrible Bosses and its sequel , The Gift , Office Christmas Party , Zootopia , and Game Night . Since July 2020, he has co-hosted the co", "screen writer    entity is an American actor born on January 14, 1969 in Rye. He is the son of American producer Kent Bateman, and the brother of actress Justine Bateman.", "soccer player    entity was a German football manager and player who led Borussia Dortmund to victory in the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1966.", "soccer player    entity was a German football coach.", "album    entity is the sixth greatest hits album by American singer-songwriter and producer Mariah Carey. It was released by Sony Music Entertainment on May 15, 2015. It features Carey's then eighteen US number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100. A new recording called \"Infinity\" was released as the only single on April 27, 2015. In January 2015, the singer announced that she had signed a residency deal to perform at The Colosseum at the Caesars Palace hotel in Las Vegas in May and July 2015, and would perform all of her number ones. As a result, she decided to re-release her first compilation, 1998's #1's, with an updated list of subsequent chart toppers. Carey promoted the album with her entity residency and with live performances at the Billb", "album    entity is the third compilation album by American artist Mariah Carey, released on May 18, 2015, through Epic Records. It contains Carey's eighteen Billboard Hot 100 number ones and a new single, titled Infinity. Note that this compilation marks the great return of Mariah Carey to her former record company Sony Music.", "video game    entity is a third-person action-adventure video game released in 1999 by Activision. It was developed by Presto Studios over the course of a year, and was specifically created for the casual gamer market. The plot followed up on the events in the film Star Trek: Insurrection, with the player portraying the character of Ensign Sovok, who works alongside Captain Jean-Luc Picard and Lt. Cmdr Data, with Patrick Stewart and Brent Spiner reprising their roles.", "video game    entity is a third-person shooter video game released in 1999 on PC. It was developed by Presto Studios and published by Activision. The game is a possible sequel to Star Trek: Uprising, the 9th film in the Star Trek saga.", "american football player    entity is a former quarterback in the National Football League for the Indianapolis Colts, Cincinnati Bengals and the St. Louis Rams. Prior to his time in the NFL, he was the starting quarterback for the Arizona Rattlers of the Arena Football League and the Frankfurt Galaxy of the World League of American Football. He played college football at Arizona State University.", "american football player    entity is an American football player.", "soccer manager    entity is a Belarusian former ice hockey defenceman. He last played with Generals Kiev of the Ukrainian Hockey League. Kolosov was drafted by the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League in 2004, and signed a contract with the team on June 25, 2008. He played for the Belarusian national team at the 2008, 2010, and 2011 World Championships, as well as the 2010 Winter Olympics.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player Lorusse .", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina \u0141och\u00f3w, within W\u0119gr\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres north of \u0141och\u00f3w, 27 km north-west of W\u0119gr\u00f3w, and 62 km north-east of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village, located in \u0141och\u00f3w Gmina of W\u0119gr\u00f3w County and Mazovia Voivodeship in east-central Poland.It lies about 3 kilometers north of \u0141 och \u00f3 w, 27 kilometers northwest of W \u0119 gr \u00f3 w and 62 kilometers northeast of Warsaw.Poland portal Poland portal", "painting    entity is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, released on the Milestone label in 1993, featuring performances by Rollins with Clifton Anderson, Tommy Flanagan, Bob Cranshaw and Jack DeJohnette with Jon Faddis, Byron Stripling, and Bob Stewart added on two tracks which were arranged by Jimmy Heath.", "painting    entity is an album by tenor saxophonist Sonny Rollins released in 1993 on the Milestone label. Rollins is accompanied by trombonist Clifton Anderson, pianist Tommy Flanagan, bassist Bob Cranshaw, drummer Jack DeJohnette. Jon Faddis on flugelhorn, Alex Brofsky on French horn and Bob Stewart on tuba complete the line-up.", "formula one team    entity is the best a De Tomaso built car ever achieved.", "formula one team    Results of the 1970 Formula 1 Canadian Grand Prix which took place on the Mont-Tremblant circuit on September 20, 1970.", "album    entity is a song by American grunge band Nirvana, written by frontman Kurt Cobain. It is the third track and the second single from the band's second studio album Nevermind, released in March 1992. It was the band's second and last American top 40 hit, reaching number 32 on the Billboard Hot 100, and second UK top 10 hit, reaching number nine on the UK Singles Chart. The single reached the top 10 in eight countries and the top 40 in eleven further countries.", "album    entity is a song by American grunge band Nirvana written by Kurt Cobain and released as the second single from the album Nevermind in 1992. This song was composed shortly before the recording of Nevermind. It is one of the quieter tracks on the album and its lyrics can be interpreted in a variety of ways.", "film    entity is a 1986 American buddy cop action comedy film directed by Peter Hyams, written by Gary Devore and Jimmy Huston, and starring Gregory Hines, Billy Crystal, with Steven Bauer, Jimmy Smits and Dan Hedaya in supporting roles. Hines and Crystal play Chicago police officers who, after nearly being killed on the job, decide to retire and open a bar in Key West, Florida, only to get caught up in making one last arrest before they go. The film was produced and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.", "film    entity is an American crime film, directed by Peter Hyams and released in 1986.", "village    entity is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Corse-du-Sud and the Corse region.", "comics creator    entity is an American video game publisher based in Novato, California. entity was founded under Take-Two Interactive in January 2005 through the entity Games and entity Sports labels, following Take-Two Interactive's acquisition of Visual Concepts that same month. Originally based in New York City, it moved to Novato in 2007. A third label, entity Play, was added in September 2007. entity is governed by David Ismailer as president and Phil Dixon as COO. A motion capture studio for entity is based in Petaluma, California.", "comics creator    entity is a global video game developer, publisher and distributor. The company is a subsidiary of Take-Two Interactive, which also owns the Rockstar Games studio as well as two publishing labels: 2K Sports, which specializes in sports games, and 2K Play, which specializes in consumer games.", "album    entity is a song recorded by the Jackson 5 for Motown Records. It was released as a single on May 13, 1970, and held the number-one spot on the soul singles chart for six weeks and the number-one position on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart for two weeks, from June 27 to July 4, 1970. In the UK top 40 chart, it peaked at number 7 in August 1970. The song is the third of the four-in-a-row Jackson 5 number-ones released . Billboard ranked the record as the No. 16 song of 1970, one slot behind the Jackson 5's \"ABC\".", "album    entity is a song by The Jackson 5, produced by Motown and released on May 16, 1970. It is taken from the album ABC. The song entity ranked number 1 on the Top 10 US & UK singles and number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. The original version of the song is 3:04 minutes long, its genre of music is the soul and bubblegum pop.", "political party    entity was a communist party in Italy founded in October 1998 as a split from the Communist Refoundation Party led by Armando Cossutta, the founder and early leader of the PRC. In December 2014, the party was transformed into Communist Party of Italy , which would later evolve into the re-edition of the Italian Communist Party .", "political party    entity is an Italian political party.", "single    entity is a retired American professional tennis player.", "single    entity is an American tennis player, professional from 1981 to 1987. In Grand Slam, she achieved her best performances at the US Open, reaching the quarterfinals in singles in 1982 and 1986. During her career, she won eight WTA tournaments, including three women's doubles.", "village    entity is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census, the village had a population of 1517 living in 332 houses. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census, the population was 1877, of which 35% was literate.", "village    entity is a village development committee in Nepal located in Achham district. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 2,457.", "record label    entity are an American R&B/pop songwriting and record production team. They have enjoyed great success since the 1980s with various artists, most notably Janet Jackson. They have written 31 top ten hits in the UK and 41 in the US.", "record label    entity are a duo of producers from the Flyte Tyme label. at the same time. In 1981, at Prince's instigation, Flyte Tyme became The Time group, including Morris Day and Jesse Johnson. Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis participated in the group's first two albums, which went gold.", "place    entity is the sixth studio album by English post-punk band Killing Joke, released in November 1986 by E.G. Records. It was their first album to be distributed through Virgin Records. It entered the UK Albums Chart at number 54 on 22 November 1986, staying for one week. It was produced by Chris Kimsey, who had produced the band's 1985 album, Night Time.", "place    entity is the sixth studio album by post-punk band Killing Joke. Its title comes from the description, by a Japanese surviving witness, of the atomic explosion of the American bomb on the city of Hiroshima. brutal and vindictive punk from its beginnings to get closer to the very fashionable new wave at the time.", "film    entity is an American fantasy supernatural drama television series that began airing on The CW on October 3, 2013. It is a spin-off of The Vampire Diaries and the first television series expansion of the franchise based on its parent series. The series follows vampire-werewolf hybrid Klaus Mikaelson as he and his family become embroiled in the supernatural politics of the French Quarter of New Orleans.", "film    entity is an American television series created by Julie Plec, whose pilot aired on April 25, 2013 as the twentieth episode of the fourth season of the Vampire Diaries series, then aired simultaneously from October 3. 2013 on The CW in the United States and on CHCH-DT, in Canada. It is a series derived from the television series Vampire Diaries centered on the character of Niklaus \"Klaus\" Mikaelson and his family. In France, the series will be", "musical artist    entity is a British record producer, remixer and songwriter known for his work with many major recording artists beginning in the late 1980s. He also debuted as a motion picture music composer with Scottish composer Craig Armstrong and Marius De Vries for the soundtrack for Baz Luhrmann's Romeo + Juliet in 1996. Hooper has produced seven Grammy Award-winning recordings for artists including Smashing Pumpkins, U2 , Soul II Soul, and Sin\u00e9ad O'Connor. He has been awarded Q's Best Producer award and twice been Music Week Producer of the Year.", "musical artist    entity is a music producer/remixer/composer best known for being a member of the band Soul II Soul, as well as later for his work with singer Bj\u00f6rk, the band No Doubt and Gwen Stefani, Madonna, Garbage, U2, Sneaker Pimps and Massive Attack.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey coach and a former professional ice hockey player. He is currently serving as an assistant coach at Swiss National League team Lausanne HC.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played as a center.", "village    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.", "village    entity is a commune in the south-west of France, located in the department of Lot-et-Garonne.", "tennis player    entity is an American professional basketball player for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association . Hayward has previously played for the Utah Jazz and the Boston Celtics.", "tennis player    entity is an American basketball player.", "album    entity is the seventh and final studio album by English rock band Pulp, released on 22 October 2001 by Island Records. It reached number six on the UK Albums Chart, with a total chart stay of only three weeks. Written and recorded after the tumultuous sessions for This Is Hardcore, entity saw the band move toward a more relaxed and natural sound, shepherded by producer Scott Walker. Walker had replaced original producer Chris Thomas, who the band had worked with on previous albums. entity saw positive critical reception and charted at number 6 on the UK album charts.", "album    entity is the last album of the English group Pulp, released in 2001 and not meeting the same success as the two previous ones. The texts, signed Jarvis Cocker, deal with fairly simple subjects such as trees or birds, but the breakup is very often present.", "video game    entity is a 2D sidescrolling real-time strategy game by Ronimo Games. It was released in Europe on May 15, 2009, and in North America on June 8, 2009. It is available for Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, Android, Wii, PlayStation 3, iOS, Nintendo 3DS, Wii U, and Nintendo Switch. Two Tribes released entity on the Wii U eShop, which was released in North America and Europe on May 22, 2014.", "video game    entity is a real-time strategy video game developed by Ronimo Games, released in 2009 for Windows, Mac OS, Linux, iOS, Android, Wii, PlayStation 3, Nintendo 3DS, and Wii U. Its sequel entity II.", "album    entity is the second album from the expatriate British alternative rock band Spacehog. It was released on Sire Records in 1998. entity was considered for a soundtrack and basis of a film called Mungo City . It was to be about a band that moves to Hong Kong for success after being rejected by a New York record company. Unsatisfied with the final script, Spacehog dismissed any plans for shooting. \"Carry On\" peaked at No. 43 on the UK Singles Chart.", "album    entity is the second studio album by alternative rock band Spacehog. Made in 1998, it contains two titles that will be released as singles, Mungo City and Carry On. The album was released on CD and cassette and reached number 55 on the Canadian charts.", "video game    entity is a 2002 point-and-click adventure video game featuring Mickey Mouse, developed by Capcom, and published by Nintendo and Disney Interactive for the GameCube.", "video game    entity is an adventure video game released in 2002 on GameCube.", "album    entity is a song performed by American musician Prince. It was his first solo single, released on June 7, 1978, his 20th birthday, from his debut album, For You. The track contains drums, bass guitar and synthesizers. The lyrics were co-written by Chris Moon, the producer-songwriter-engineer who discovered Prince in Minneapolis. The song was released in Barbados, South Africa, and the United States by Warner Bros. Records. There also exists a promotional, not-for-sale version of the 7\" vinyl single that contains both a mono version and stereo version of the song. The song peaked at 92 on the Billboard Hot 100 on November 25, 1978, after two weeks on the chart.", "album    entity is a song by Prince and the first single from the album For You. The lyrics were written by Prince and Chris Moon, and the music composed by Prince. The song charted at number 92 on the Billboard Hot 100 on November 25, 1978. It is a funk and disco song featuring drums, bass and synthesizers. Already a small example of what will become the Minneapolis Sound. The lyrics are mostly centered on sex.", "university    entity is the largest Croatian university and the oldest continuously operating university in the area covering Central Europe south of Vienna and all of Southeastern Europe. The University is composed of 29 faculties, 3 art academies and 1 university center with more than 70,000 students. The University is as of 2018 at the 463rd place out of 1000 on the list of Universities of the world made by the Center for University World Rankings.", "university    entity is a university in Zagreb, Croatia, founded in 1669. Located in the district of Jarun, it has more than 50,000 students. It is the oldest university in the Balkans. Since 1874, more than 200,000 students have obtained a bachelor's degree, more than 18,000 a master's degree and more than 8,000 a doctorate.", "amateur boxer    entity was a Finnish freestyle wrestler. He competed at the 1920, 1924, 1928 and 1932 Olympics and won a medal each time, including a gold in 1920. Leino started as a diver and association football goalkeeper before changing to wrestling. In late 1914 he immigrated to the United States, and therefore did not compete at Finnish, European and world championships until 1930s, when he returned to Finland. He won the American AAU Championships in 1920 and 1923 and placed second in Finnish championships in 1936. Leino was a carpenter by profession, and later in 1949\u201352 also worked as a sports functionary in Finland.", "amateur boxer    entity is a Finnish wrestler specializing in freestyle wrestling. He participated in four Olympiads and won a medal each time, including Olympic gold at the 1920 Summer Olympics in Antwerp, Belgium.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Belgian musician Stromae. It was released digitally on 16 August 2013 and three days later physically in France and Belgium.Stromae expressed his desire to incorporate Caribbean and African musical influences along with his signature 1990s-inspired dance beats. The album, recorded in an attic, explores themes as diverse as alienation from social networks, relationship issues, discrimination, cigarettes and lung cancer, AIDS and absent father figures. Prior to its official release and afterwards, entity received critical acclaim for its thoughtful lyrics and gained comparisons to fellow Belgian recording artist Jacques Brel.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Belgian singer-songwriter Stromae, released on August 16, 2013.", "album    entity is the debut solo studio album by American singer/songwriter Ryan Adams, released September 5, 2000 on Bloodshot Records. The album was recorded over fourteen days at Woodland Studios in Nashville, Tennessee. It was nominated for the 2001 Shortlist Music Prize. The album is said to be inspired by Adams' break-up with music industry publicist Amy Lombardi. A Deluxe Edition, featuring bonus recording session takes and pre-album demos, was released on May 6, 2016 on PAX-AM records.", "album    entity is an album by Ryan Adams, released in 2000.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Blace, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 61 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Blace , Toplica district. At the 2011 census, it had 41 inhabitants.", "record label    entity is a French manufacturer of racing and sports cars established in 1955. The Alpine car marque was created in 1954. Jean R\u00e9d\u00e9l\u00e9, the founder of Alpine, was originally a Dieppe garage proprietor who began to achieve success in motorsport with one of the few French cars that were produced just after the Second World War, the Renault 4CV. The company has been closely related to Renault through its history, and was bought by it in 1973.", "record label    entity is a French company founded in Dieppe, France, in 1955 by Jean R\u00e9d\u00e9l\u00e9, at the time Renault dealer, who made a remarkable breakthrough in the sports car sector. 17 years after his death, Carlos Ghosn, CEO of Renault, announces November 5, 2012 the revival of entity.", "newspaper    entity is a British free-to-air television network owned and operated by the BBC. It covers a wide range of subject matter, with a remit \"to broadcast programmes of depth and substance\" in contrast to the more mainstream and popular BBC One. Like the BBC's other domestic TV and radio channels, it is funded by the television licence, and is therefore free of commercial advertising. It is a comparatively well-funded public-service network, regularly attaining a much higher audience share than most public-service networks worldwide.", "newspaper    entity is the second British television channel broadcast by the BBC. It was launched on April 21, 1964 as BBC2, its current controller is Janice Hadlow.", "painter    entity was a Finnish painter. She worked principally with still life, genre images, landscape paintings and portraits.", "painter    entity is one of the most popular Finnish painters of the 19th century. She paints portraits, still lifes and landscapes.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by the English singer and songwriter Peter Hammill, released on Charisma Records in April 1977. It was issued for the first time on CD on Virgin Records in the early 1990s, and was reissued again in a remastered version in 2006 with bonus tracks. The album details the break-up of a long-term relationship with a woman known as Alice. The album was originally to be called entity My Shoulder with a different cover shot in which Hammill was caught looking back over his shoulder with a very mixed expression.", "album    entity is Peter Hammill's sixth studio album, released in 1976.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a transcontinental country in Central America and South America, bordered by Costa Rica to the west, Colombia to the southeast, the Caribbean Sea to the north, and the Pacific Ocean to the south. Its capital and largest city is Panama City, whose metropolitan area is home to nearly half the country's 4 million people.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a small country of 75,420 km geographically belonging to Central America.", "video game    entity is a 2005 tactical role-playing video game developed by Intelligent Systems and Nintendo SPD, and published by Nintendo for the GameCube. It is the ninth main installment in the Fire Emblem series, and the third to be released in the west. As with previous installments, gameplay revolves around positioning characters on a battlefield to defeat an opposing force. If characters are defeated in battle, they are removed from the rest of the game.", "video game    entity is a tactical role-playing video game, developed by Intelligent Systems and published by Nintendo on GameCube. The game was released on April 20, 2005 in Japan, October 17, 2005 in North America, and November 4, 2005 in Europe. This is the ninth installment in the Fire Emblem series and the third to be released in North America and Europe.", "album    entity is the second live album by English musician David Bowie, recorded on the Isolar II Tour, and released by RCA Records in 1978. First UK pressings were on translucent yellow vinyl and some European pressings were also available on blue vinyl. Since its original release, entity has been reissued numerous times, each with expanded track listings.", "album    entity is David Bowie's second live album, released in 1978. It reached fifth in the UK charts and 44th in the US.", "album    entity is Namie Amuro's 19th solo single under the Avex Trax label. It is her first single after the termination of her working relationship with longtime producer, Tetsuya Komuro.", "album    entity is Namie Amuro's 18th regular single released on the Avex Trax label, or 20th under her own name counting those released on the Toshiba-EMI label. It was released on August 8, 2001 in Japan, and reached #3 on the Oricon chart. It sold 64,070 copies in the first week, and remained ranked for 11 weeks, for a total of 183,840 sales. It was then his worst-selling single apart from the previous one, Think of Me / No More Tears.", "album    entity is the first single released from American rapper LL Cool J's sixth album, Mr. Smith. The song features vocals from American R&B group Boyz II Men. It was released on October 31, 1995, for Def Jam Recordings and was produced by The Trackmasters and LL Cool J. The song samples Michael Jackson's \"The Lady in My Life\" from his 1982 hit album Thriller; thus Rod Temperton, the writer of that song, was given credit as a writer of this song. On the B-side is the \"I Shot Ya\" remix.", "album    entity is a song by artist LL Cool J in collaboration with Boyz II Men taken from the album Mr. Smith. The song contains a sample of The Lady in My Life by Michael Jackson hence the fact that Rod Temperton is also credited as author of this song.At the 39th Grammy Awards in 1997, the song won a Grammy Award for \"Best Rap Solo Performance\".", "album    entity is an American funk band formed in the late 1960s by George Clinton as part of his entity-Funkadelic collective. More commercial and less rock-oriented than its sister act Funkadelic, entity drew on science-fiction and outlandish performances in their work. The band scored a number of Top 10 hits, including the million-selling 1976 single \"Give Up the Funk ,\" and Top 40 albums such as Mothership Connection .", "album    entity is an American funk band, originally called The entitys.", "film    entity is a 1995 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film directed by Lesli Linka Glatter and starring Christina Ricci, Rosie O'Donnell, Thora Birch, Melanie Griffith, Gaby Hoffmann, Demi Moore, Ashleigh Aston Moore, and Rita Wilson. The supporting cast features Hank Azaria, Janeane Garofalo, Cloris Leachman, and Bonnie Hunt, among many others. The plot follows four women who recount a pivotal summer they shared together as adolescents in 1970. It is considered a cult classic.", "film    entity is a 1995 American drama film directed by Lesli Linka Glatter.", "prefecture    entity is a county in western Guangdong Province, China, under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Zhaoqing. It was formed in 1961 from the merger of Fengchuan and Kaijian Counties, which were formerly romanized as Fungchuan and Hoikin respectively.", "prefecture    entity is an administrative district in Guangdong Province of China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Zhaoqing.", "screen writer    entity is a 1989 crime thriller. Originally filmed as an unsuccessful pilot for an NBC television series, it was reworked and aired as a stand-alone TV film. The film was later released on VHS and, in Region 2, on DVD. L.A. Takedown was written and directed by Michael Mann and its ensemble cast includes Scott Plank, Alex McArthur, Michael Rooker, Daniel Baldwin, and Xander Berkeley. Scott Plank starred as Vincent Hanna, a detective on the hunt for professional criminal Patrick McLaren, played by McArthur; the story was based on the real-life investigation of Chicago criminal Neil McCauley. The film is best known as the basis for the 1995 film Heat. The film was moderately well received in retrospective reviews, but remains overshadowed b", "screen writer    entity is an American detective television film directed by Michael Mann, first broadcast on NBC on August 27, 1989. LA Takedown is the television film, which \"inspired\" the film Heat, still directed by Michael Mann .", "village    entity is the capital city of Scotland and one of its 32 council areas. Historically part of the county of Midlothian , it is located in Lothian on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth. entity is Scotland's second-most populous city and the seventh-most populous city in the United Kingdom.", "village    entity is a city on the east coast of Scotland in the United Kingdom, and its capital since 1437. It is the seat of the Scottish Parliament, which was restored in 1999. Its population was 457,830 in 2005. Since 1329, entity has officially had city status.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by the Canadian rock band Nickelback, released on November 17, 2008 in Europe and the next day elsewhere. It is the follow-up to their multi-platinum selling All the Right Reasons . It was co-produced by the band and producer and songwriter Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange, known for working with such acts as Foreigner, AC/DC, Bryan Adams, Def Leppard and Shania Twain. entity sold 326,000 in its first week and debuted at number 2 in the US. More than a year after its release, the album did not leave the Top 100 on the Billboard 200. In its 91st week, the album peaked at number 46 for the week of August 28, 2010. From 9 October, the album stayed at number 71 for 97 consecutive weeks The album spent 125 consecutive weeks inside the Billboard 200. On the", "album    entity is the 6th album by Canadian band Nickelback, which was released on November 18, 2008. The album was recorded from March to August, in co-production with the band and Mutt Lange. The first single from this album is Gotta Be Somebody released on September 29, 2008 as a free download for 24 hours, then on October 13 as a paid download on iTunes. The album was awarded Album of the Year at the Juno Awards on March 29, 2009.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in Western Asia, bordering Lebanon to the southwest, the Mediterranean Sea to the west, Turkey to the north, Iraq to the east, Jordan to the south, and Israel to the southwest. Its capital and largest city is Damascus. A country of fertile plains, high mountains, and deserts, Syria is home to diverse ethnic and religious groups, including the majority Syrian Arabs, Kurds, Turkmens, Assyrians, Armenians, Circassians, Mandaeans, and Greeks. Religious groups include Sunnis, Christians, Alawites, Druze, Isma'ilis, Mandaeans, Shiites, Salafis, and Yazidis. Arabs are the lar", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in Western Asia. Located on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea, it has land borders with Turkey, Iraq, Jordan, Israel, Lebanon and a maritime border with Cyprus. Its capital and largest city is Damascus, which \u2014 historically \u2014 was the capital of the Umayyads from 661 to 750.", "disease    entity is the second album by British death metal band Bolt Thrower. It was recorded at Loco studios in April 1989 and engineered by Tim Lewis. It was mixed at Slaughterhouse Studios in July 1989 and engineered by Colin Richardson. It is produced by Bolt Thrower and Digby Pearson. The cover artwork was produced by Games Workshop. The whole album is closely tied to Games Workshop's Warhammer 40,000 game background and entity was the title of a gaming book by Games Workshop released in 1988.", "disease    entity is the second studio album by English death metal band Bolt Thrower. The album was released in October 1989 under the Earache Records label. In 2005, this label re-released the album. However, the group asked the fans not to buy it, because they were not informed and that they do not touch anything on the sales of this re-release. The title World Eater will know a sequel in its themes in the next album of the group, it is the title Cenotaph.", "village    entity is a commune in the H\u00e9rault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of H\u00e9rault in the Languedoc-Roussillon region.", "musical artist    entity is an American blues guitarist and singer, a notable exponent of the country blues style.", "musical artist    entity is an American artist, blues guitarist and singer, renowned in the country blues style.", "musical artist    entity was an American jazz saxophonist, violinist, trumpeter, and composer known as a principal founder of the free jazz genre, a term derived from his 1960 album Free Jazz: A Collective Improvisation. His pioneering performances often abandoned the chordal and harmony-based structure found in bebop, instead emphasizing a jarring and avant-garde approach to improvisation.", "musical artist    entity is a tenor and alto saxophonist, trumpeter, violinist and composer, born in Fort Worth on March 9, 1930, a major precursor of free jazz.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles from their 1968 double album The Beatles . Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, it is the opening track on the third side of the LP . Surviving Beatles Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr performed it for Starr's 70th birthday at Radio City Music Hall on 7 July 2010.", "album    entity is a Beatles song sketched by Paul McCartney for Linda Eastman's birthday. It was composed and recorded on the same day, September 18, 1968, in the EMI studios in London with the help of the whole band and its entourage. It is a very spontaneous rock song, taken on the snitch, which earned him great affection from McCartney, and a total disavowal from Lennon. It was published on disc 2 of the \"white album\", in November 1968.", "soccer tournament    entity was the highest level ice hockey league in the Soviet Union, running from 1946 to 1992. Before the 1940s the game of ice hockey was not cultivated in Russia, instead the more popular form of hockey was bandy. Following the dissolution of the USSR, the league was temporarily renamed the CIS Championship in 1992. This organization was the direct predecessor of the International Hockey League , and subsequent Russian Superleague and current Kontinental Hockey League .", "soccer tournament    entity was played between 1946 and 1991.", "comics creator    entity was born in Winterthur, Switzerland. She was a Swiss artist and illustrator noted primarily for working in the artist's books genre by creating accordion fold books that re-tell classic fairy tales with symbols rather than words .", "comics creator    Warja Lavater a Swiss painter, illustrator and author.", "sea    entity is the third studio album by Italian folk/power metal band Elvenking. It features the return of original vocalist, Damnagoras, and the departure of guitarist, Jarpen. The lyrical content of the album centers around fantasy, folklore, fairy tales, and feeling alone and being an outsider or an outcast as well as hints at the music industry with songs such as the Skyclad cover, \"Penny Dreadful\".", "sea    entity is the third studio album by Italian folk/power metal band Elvenking. The album was released on January 27, 2006 under the AFM Records label. It was the band's debut album which saw considerable promotion, the song \"Trow's Kind\" was included on several compilation albums before the official CD release. It is the band's first album recorded without guitarist Jarpen in the lineup as an official musician.", "screen writer    entity is a character in Philip Pullman's His Dark Materials trilogy. Asriel is a member of the aristocracy in a parallel universe dominated by the Church. He is described as being \"a tall man with powerful shoulders, a fierce dark face, and eyes that seem to flash and glitter with savage laughter\". Possessed of enormous determination and willpower, he is fierce in nature and commands great respect in both the political and academic spheres, being a military leader and a fellow of Jordan College in his world's version of Exeter College, Oxford.", "screen writer    entity is a fictional character and one of the main characters in the Dark World trilogy, by Philip Pullman. entity is the father of the heroine Lyra Belacqua whom he had with his mistress Marisa Coulter.", "village    entity is a commune in the H\u00e9rault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune in the department of H\u00e9rault, in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Main seaside resort frequented by Montpellier and H\u00e9rault residents of the hinterland, the town has been a member of the agglomeration community of the Pays de l'Or since January 1, 2005.", "prefecture    entity is a department of France located in the country's southeast corner, on the Italian border and on the Mediterranean coast. Part of the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region, it had a population of 1,083,310 in 2017.", "prefecture    entity is a French department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are the Maralpins. Insee and the Post Office assign it the code 06. A first department of the Alpes-Maritimes existed from 1793 to 1814, under the French Revolution and the First Empire.", "album    entity is a song by French electronic music duo Daft Punk, released as a single from their second album, Discovery , on 13 November 2000. It is a French house song featuring a stylistically autotuned vocal performance by Romanthony. The music video of the song forms part of the 2003 anime film, Interstella 5555: The 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar 5ystem. entity was a commercial success, charting at number one on the French Singles Chart, number two on the UK Singles Chart, and number 61 on the US Billboard Hot 100.", "album    entity is a track by the French electronic music group Daft Punk released on November 13, 2000. It is the first single from the album Discovery, of which it is also the first track.", "politician    entity is a French politician serving as President of the Constitutional Council since 8 March 2016. A member of the Socialist Party, he previously served as Prime Minister of France from 17 July 1984 to 20 March 1986. Fabius was 37 years old when he was appointed and is, so far, the youngest Prime Minister of the Fifth Republic.", "politician    entity is a French statesman and politician. of Seine-Maritime from 1986 to 1988 then of the 4th constituency of Seine-Maritime from 1988 to 2000 and from 2002 to 2012. of industry and", "christian bishop    entity is a Gothic church located on the Main Square in Plze\u0148, Czech Republic. It was probably established together with the city around the year 1295. The church became a cathedral in 1993, when the Pilsner diocese was created. It was included on the list of National cultural monuments of the Czech Republic in 1995.", "christian bishop    entity is a Catholic place of worship and historical monument in the city of Pilsen, Czech Republic. Parish church until 1993, it took the title of cathedral when the diocese of Pilsen was created by Pope John Paul II.", "album    entity is a band formed in 2000 in Athens, Georgia. Originally conceived as exclusively instrumental, the band's sound later shifted towards psychedelic rock, synth rock, and even moments of techno. Their sound is often characterized by soaring guitar hooks and a driving rhythm section interlaced with synthesizers and electronic elements. They are currently signed to Temporary Residence Limited, based in Brooklyn, New York.", "album    entity is an American post-rock band founded in 2000 in Athens, Georgia. Their music, instrumental, incorporates psychedelic elements. They publish their albums on the Temporary Residence Limited label.", "musical    entity is a modernist movement, initially in poetry and painting, originating in Northern Europe around the beginning of the 20th century. Its typical trait is to present the world solely from a subjective perspective, distorting it radically for emotional effect in order to evoke moods or ideas. Expressionist artists have sought to express the meaning of emotional experience rather than physical reality.", "musical    entity is an artistic movement that appeared at the beginning of the 20th century in Northern Europe, particularly in Germany. entity affected multiple artistic fields: painting, architecture, literature, theater, cinema, music, dance, etc. entity was condemned by the Nazi regime, which considered it a \u201cdegenerate art\u201d.", "screen writer    entity is an Israeli film director, producer and screenwriter, known for directing the 2007 film Paranormal Activity.", "screen writer    entity is an Israeli director, screenwriter and producer best known for the American film Paranormal Activity released in 2009. Previously, Oren Peli was a video game programmer.", "village    entity is a city and municipality in Wallonia, Belgium. It is both the capital of the province of Namur and of Wallonia, hosting the Parliament of Wallonia, the Government of Wallonia and its administration. The municipality consists of the following districts: , Belgrade, , , , , , Dave, , Flawinne, , Jambes, , , Malonne, Marche-les-Dames, , Saint-Servais, , , Temploux, , W\u00e9pion, and .", "village    entity is a French-speaking city in Belgium, capital of Wallonia since 1986, and capital of the province of entity. The city occupies a central position 63 km south-east of Brussels, 28 km east of Charleroi and 56 km west of Li\u00e8ge. Occupied since the Neolithic period, the confluence of the Sambre and the Meuse saw the birth of the Roman city at the beginning of our era.", "album    entity is a punk rock and reggae band from Orl\u8305ans, France. The group formed in 1987, and started out releasing records independently before signing with Play It Again Sam in 1994. They became more popular in America with the release of their 1998 record, Be One with the Flames, on Epitaph Records, and 1999's Escape, on Victory Records. Later releases came out on , a label of Columbia Records which is a trademark of Sony Music Entertainment, and .", "album    entity is a punk rock band from Orl\u00e9ans, strongly influenced by Californian melodic hardcore and some signings from Epitaph Records.", "prefecture    entity is an autonomous prefecture of Guizhou province, People's Republic of China, bordering Guangxi to the south and Yunnan to the west. The name, \"\u9ed4\u897f\u5357\" derives from the prefecture's southwest location in the province; \"\u9ed4\" is the official abbreviation for Guizhou, while \"\u897f\u5357\" means \"southwest\".", "prefecture    entity is an administrative subdivision in southeast China's Guizhou Province.", "vice president    entity is an American professional baseball executive, serving as a special assistant to the Commissioner of Baseball since 2020. He previously served in the capacity of Major League Baseball's chief baseball officer from 2011 to 2020. A former player, manager and television color commentator, Torre ranks fifth all-time in MLB history with 2,326 wins as a manager. With 2,342 hits during his playing career, Torre is the only major leaguer to achieve both 2,000 hits as a player and 2,000 wins as a manager. From 1996 to 2007, he was the manager of the New York Yankees and guided the team to six pennants and four World Series championships.", "vice president    entity is a manager and former baseball player. He was manager of the New York Yankees for 12 seasons from 1996 to 2007 and of the Los Angeles Dodgers from 2008 to 2010. During his playing career, he played with the Milwaukee Braves, the Saint Louis Cardinals and the New York food. He also managed each of the teams he played with in the National League.", "musical artist    entity is a Japanese jazz composer and pianist. She is known for her virtuosic technique, energetic live performances and blend of musical genres such as stride, post-bop, progressive rock, classical and fusion in her compositions.", "musical artist    entity is a jazz pianist born in Hamamatsu, Japan.", "video game    entity is an action-adventure video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is the sixth major installment in the Assassin's Creed series. Its historical timeframe precedes that of Assassin's Creed III , but its modern-day sequences succeed III's own. Black Flag was originally released for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii U in October 2013 and a month later for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows. It was later re-released on the Nintendo Switch as part of The Rebel Collection alongside Assassin's Creed Rogue in December 2019.", "video game    entity is an action-adventure, stealth video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It was released on October 29, 2013, for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions of the game are released during the respective launches of the two consoles. The Wii U version is delayed to November 22, 2013 in Europe.", "video game    entity is a first-person shooter video game, released for Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows on November 12, 2007 in North America, and PlayStation 3 on December 10, 2007. The game is mostly unrelated to the 2005 multi-platform game Area 51. The game was developed by Midway Austin and published by Midway Games.", "video game    entity is a horror/science fiction first-person shooter video game released on November 12, 2007 in the United States and in the rest of the world a few months later. It's not really a sequel to Area 51, although thematically the two games have some things in common.", "village    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, populated by 259 inhabitants.", "album    entity is a list of notable events in music that took place in the year 2007.", "album    This list presents, in chronological order, all the titles that ranked first in the Top 50 and Top Downloads during 2007.", "album    entity is the fifth album by English rock band Deep Purple, released in 1971 and the second with the Mk II line-up. It was recorded at various times between September 1970 and June 1971. It became the first of the band's three UK No. 1 albums, though it did not stay on the charts as long as its predecessor, Deep Purple in Rock. Even though the album has sold over a million copies in the UK, it has never received a certification there.", "album    entity is Deep Purple's fifth studio album, released in July 1971 in North America and September 1971 in Europe. This is the second studio album produced by the group's \"Mark II\" formation.", "cricketer    entity is a Trinidadian football coach and semi-retired professional footballer who serves as a player\u2013goalkeeper coach for Canadian club HFX Wanderers. Over the course of his playing career, Williams made 80 appearances for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team and played professionally in Trinidad, Belgium, Hungary, Honduras, Guatemala and Canada.", "cricketer    entity is a Trinidadian international footballer, who plays as a goalkeeper.", "musical artist    entity was an American jazz tenor saxophonist during the 1930s. According to music critic Gary Giddins, musicians called him \"Chu\" either because he chewed on the mouthpiece of his saxophone or because he had a Fu Manchu mustache.", "musical artist    entity was an American swing jazz saxophonist, born in Wheeling, West Virginia on September 13, 1908 and died in Conneaut , Ohio on October 30, 1941.\u2014 Dan Morgenstern, director of the Institute for Jazz Studies at Rutgers University <p style=\"margin:-0.7em 0 0.3em 6em\">\u2014 Gary Giddins, Village Voice jazz critic", "screen writer    entity was an American film director, screenwriter, and producer. He was involved in nearly 200 movies, the most well known today being Duck Soup, Make Way for Tomorrow, The Awful Truth, Going My Way, The Bells of St. Mary's, My Son John and An Affair To Remember.", "screen writer    entity was an American director. He got four Oscars.", "comics creator    entity was a Chinese philosopher, historian, and writer who was instrumental for reintroducing the study of Chinese philosophy in the modern era. The name he published under in English was 'Fung Yu-lan,' for which see, for example, the Bodde translation of A History of Chinese Philosophy. This earlier spelling also occurs in philosophical discussions, see for example the work of Wing-tsit Chan.", "comics creator    entity is a Chinese philosopher whose work was preponderant in the reintroduction of Chinese philosophy in modern times. Educated at Columbia University, he taught philosophy in various English and American schools from 1933 to 1947.", "island    entity is a small island in Orkney, Scotland, lying between Eday and Westray. Previously inhabited, the low-lying island is now a successful grey seal breeding colony.", "island    entity is an island of the United Kingdom located in Scotland in the Orkney archipelago between Eday and Westray. It has been uninhabited since 1940. entity was known as Pharay. Both names are derived from Old Norse 'faerey'. entity had 82 inhabitants in 1861, falling to 58 in 1891.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the northernmost country in Africa. It is a part of the Maghreb region of North Africa, and is bordered by Algeria to the west and southwest, Libya to the southeast, and the Mediterranean Sea to the north and east; covering 163,610 km2 , with a population of 11 million. It contains the eastern end of the Atlas Mountains and the northern reaches of the Sahara desert, with much of its remaining territory arable land. Its 1,300 km of coastline include the African conjunction of the western and eastern parts of the Mediterranean Basin. Tunisia is home to Africa's northernmost point, Cape Angela; and its capital and largest city is Tunis, located on its northeastern coast, which lends the country its name.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in North Africa bordered to the north and east by the Mediterranean Sea, to the west by Algeria with 965 kilometers of common border and to the south - south -is by Libya with 459 kilometers of border. Its capital Tunis is located in the northeast of the country, at the bottom of the gulf of the same name. More than 30% of the territory's surface is occupied by the Sahara desert, the rest being made up of mountainous regions and flat plains.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemy\u015bl, within \u015aroda Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres north-west of Zaniemy\u015bl, 12 km south-west of \u015aroda Wielkopolska, and 31 km south-east of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The village has a population of 610.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Zaniemy \u015bl in \u015a roda Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "album    entity is the second single and fourth track from Slash's self-titled solo album. It is one of the two songs on the album to feature Alter Bridge frontman Myles Kennedy on lead vocals, the other being \"Starlight.\" The song was written and recorded in March 2010 added to the album's track listing at the last minute since Slash was so impressed with Kennedy's performance on \"Starlight.\" He later asked Kennedy to front his solo touring band. Both entity and \"Starlight\" have since become regular features in Slash's live shows.", "album    entity is the second single from Slash album by guitarist Slash after By The Sword. \"entity\" is one of two songs on the album sung by Myles Kennedy, the other being \"Starlight\".", "album    entity is a song by American singer Mariah Carey. It was written by Carey, Jermaine Dupri, Bryan-Michael Cox, Rick Ross, and Meek Mill. The song was released on August 3, 2012, and Carey stated the song was written when her then-husband, actor Nick Cannon, was hospitalized with acute kidney failure in 2012, and was also inspired by the death of global superstar singer, and her friend, Whitney Houston.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Mariah Carey, released on August 3, 2012. The title is written by Mariah Carey, Jermaine Dupri, Bryan-Michael Cox, William L. Roberts II, Robert R. Williams and composed by Mariah Carey, Jermaine Dupri, Bryan-Michael Cox. It features the collaboration of rappers Rick Ross and Meek Mill.", "album    entity is a song by German group Scooter. It was released in September 1996 as the lead single from their album Wicked!. The song is based on the 1992 Shut Up and Dance track \"Raving I'm Raving\", which is itself based significantly on the 1991 single \"Walking in Memphis\" by Marc Cohn. Several lyrics were altered including the line \"I'm walking in Memphis\" becoming \"I'm raving, I'm raving\". The song features a sample of the Scottish traditional song \"Scotland the Brave\".", "album    entity is a song by Scooter from the album Wicked! and released in September 1996.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina \u017b\u00f3\u0142kiewka, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of \u017b\u00f3\u0142 kiewka in Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland.", "comics creator    entity is a Canadian record producer. He has won three Grammys. Formerly, he owned Rattlebox Studios in Toronto, Ontario with producer Brian Moncarz. Moneen, Basia Lyjak, and The Getaway Plan are among the artists to have recorded at the facility.", "comics creator    entity is a Canadian art director.", "painter    entity was a 20th-century French sculptor.", "painter    entity was a French sculptor. A figure of commitment in the 1920s and 1930s, he was a member of the Resistance from the summer of 1940.", "vice president    entity was formed in 1965 and based at Champagne-sur-Seine , Romorantin-Lanthenay and V\u00e9lizy-Villacoublay . In 1979 the team was taken over by Peugeot and renamed as Automobiles Talbot.", "vice president    entity is the sports arm of the French automobile manufacturer Matra Automobiles, involved in competition in Formula 1, Formula 2, Formula 3 and Sport-Prototypes in the 1960s and 1970s.", "screen writer    entity was an American professional baseball player, manager and coach. He played in Major League Baseball as an infielder. Upon his retirement, he ranked fifth all-time among managers with 2,008 career victories, second only to John McGraw in National League history. Durocher still ranks tenth in career wins by a manager. A controversial and outspoken character, Durocher had a stormy career dogged by clashes with authority, the baseball commissioner, the press, and umpires; his 95 career ejections as a manager trailed only McGraw when he retired, and still ranks fourth on the all-time list.", "screen writer    entity was an American baseball player turned manager.", "vice president    entity was an American-Canadian catcher, manager and front office executive in Major League Baseball. Often called \"Gentleman Jim\", Fanning was the first general manager of the Montreal Expos of the National League , and served the Expos in a number of capacities for almost 25 years. As their field manager in 1981, he guided Montreal into the playoffs for the only time in the 36-year history of the franchise.", "vice president    entity is a former Major League Baseball player and manager. He played catcher for the Chicago Cubs from 1954 to 1957, and led the Montreal Expos in 1981 and 1982, and 1984.", "village    entity is a city in eastern Bavaria, at the confluence of the Danube, Naab and Regen rivers. It is capital of the Upper Palatinate subregion of the state in the south of Germany. With more than 150,000 inhabitants, entity is the fourth-largest city in the State of Bavaria after Munich, Nuremberg and Augsburg. From its foundation as an imperial Roman river fort, the city has been the political, economic and cultural center of the surrounding region; it is still known in the Romance languages by a cognate of its Latin name of \"Ratisbona\" . Later, under the rule of the Holy Roman Empire, it housed the Perpetual Diet of entity.", "village    entity is a German city, located in the Land of Bavaria and bathed by the Danube. It is located 88 kilometers from Nuremberg and 103 kilometers from Munich, close to the Czech Republic. The city is the capital of the district of Upper Palatinate and of the Landkreis of entity. At the end of 2012, the city had 157,234 inhabitants. It is thus, by size, the fourth largest city in Bavaria after Munich, Nuremberg and Augsburg.", "cardinal    entity was an Italian prelate and cardinal who served from 1834 to 1856 as prefect of the Sacred Congregation for the Propagation of the Faith. He was the cardinal priest of the Church of San Lorenzo in Lucina at the time of his death.", "cardinal    entity was an Italian cardinal who served as prefect of the Congregation for the Propaganda of the Faith between 1834 and 1856.", "album    entity is a live album from French-Algerian ra\u8302 artist Rachid Taha, released in 2001 by Barclay. It was produced and arranged by Steve Hillage, and recorded during a concert at in Brussels, March 11, 2001.", "album    entity is Rachid Taha's first live solo album released in 2001.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who most recently played for Eisb\u00e4ren Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga . He is the son of former NHL defenseman, Steve Richmond.", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "prefecture    entity is a department in northern France named after the French designation of the Strait of Dover, which it borders. It has the most communes than any other department of France, 890, and is the 8th most populous. The Calais Passage connects to the Port of Calais on the English Channel. Pas-de-Calais borders the departments of Nord and Somme and is connected to the English county of Kent via the Channel Tunnel.", "prefecture    entity is a French department, which owes its name to the Pas de Calais, the strait which separates it from England. The prefecture of this department is Arras. Insee and the Post Office assign it the code 62. It constitutes with the Nord department, the Nord-entity region. The entity is one of the most populated departments in France.", "album    entity is the fourth single by Japanese girl group Melon Kinenbi. It was used as the ending theme for TV Tokyo's show Mr. Marick's Magic Time. It was released on October 11, 2001, and its highest position on the Oricon weekly chart was #28.", "album    entity is the 4th single by J-pop group Melon Kinenbi, released on October 11, 2001 in Japan on the zetima label, produced by Tsunku and written by Atsushi Shind\u014d. It peaked at number 28 on the Oricon chart, and remained ranked for three weeks, selling 12,740 copies during that time. The title track was used as the theme music for the Tokyo TV show Mr. Marick's Magic Time.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, model, producer, and entrepreneur. He began his acting career portraying Michael Kelso in the Fox sitcom That '70s Show . He made his film debut in the romantic comedy Coming Soon , followed by the comedy film Dude, Where's My Car? , which was a box office hit. In 2003, Kutcher moved into romantic comedies, appearing in that year's Just Married and My Boss's Daughter. In 2003, he created and produced the television series Punk'd, also serving as host for the first eight of its ten seasons. In 2004, Kutcher starred in the lead role of the psychological film The Butterfly Effect.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, producer and screenwriter, born on February 7, 1978 in Cedar Rapids. He made a name for himself with his role as Michael Kelso in the television series That '70s Show.", "film    entity is an American comedy-drama television series created by Cameron Crowe. The series premiered on Showtime on June 26, 2016. On September 16, 2016, Showtime announced that the series had been canceled after one season.", "film    entity is a ten-episode, 58-minute American television series created by Cameron Crowe and aired between June 26, 2016 and August 28, 2016 on Showtime and simulcast on The Movie Network in Canada.", "album    entity is a song written by Ray Davies that originally appeared on the Kinks' 1967 album Something Else by the Kinks. It was also the American and Continental Europe B-side to \"Autumn Almanac\". It has been included on several compilation albums, including The Kink Kronikles and a live version recorded at Landmark Theatre , Syracuse, New York, 4 March 1980 was included on One for the Road a double live album released June 1980.", "album    entity is a song written by Ray Davies, appearing on the Kinks album, Something Else by the Kinks. It is also the B-side of the single Autumn Almanac. This song was included in several compilations, for example The Kink Kronikles. The song was later covered by The Jam, released on August 26, 1978 as the lead single from their third studio album, All Mod Cons.", "album    entity is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985. When they signed to Geffen Records in 1986, the band comprised vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler. The current lineup consists of Rose, Slash, McKagan, guitarist Richard Fortus, drummer Frank Ferrer and keyboardists Dizzy Reed and Melissa Reese.", "album    entity is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles.", "screen writer    entity is the protagonist character in the Gossip Girl novel series and in its TV adaptation, in which she is portrayed by Blake Lively. Serena is featured on the blog of the series' mysterious narrator, \"Gossip Girl\". Serena is the it girl and is a character that appears to easily get whatever she wants because of her good looks, energy, and charisma.", "screen writer    entity is a character from the television series Gossip Girl inspired by the eponymous literary series. She is played by Blake Lively.", "album    entity were a Scottish post-punk and pop band, formed in Dundee in 1979 by singer Billy Mackenzie and guitarist Alan Rankine. The group first gained recognition after releasing an unauthorized cover of David Bowie's \"Boys Keep Swinging\" as their debut single in 1979, which landed them a contract with Fiction Records. They followed with their debut album The Affectionate Punch in 1980 and the singles collection Fourth Drawer Down in 1981, both to critical praise.", "album    entity were a Scottish post-punk/new wave duo of the early 1980s, best known for the vocals of their lead singer, Billy Mackenzie. Mackenzie met guitarist Alan Rankine in Dundee in 1976. They formed a duo, recording a few songs as Mental Torture before becoming the Associates. They rose to stardom in 1982, with several UK charting singles and their most successful album, Sulk.", "journalist    entity is the grandfather of Akram Al-Hourani , a lecturer and researcher in wireless network engineering and signal processing at RMIT University in Australia.", "journalist    entity was a Syrian politician, who played an important role in the creation of the socialist Arab Baath Party. He was an important politician from the early 1940s until his exile in 1963. He served as minister in several Syrian governments, and was vice-president of the United Arab Republic.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor, best known for his two collaborations with director Alfred Hitchcock: Rope in 1948 and Strangers on a Train in 1951. Granger was first noticed in a small stage production in Hollywood by a Goldwyn casting director, and given a significant role in The North Star, a controversial film praising the Soviet Union at the height of World War II, but later condemned for its political bias. Another war film, The Purple Heart, followed, before Granger's naval service in Honolulu, in a unit that arranged troop entertainment in the Pacific. Here he made useful contacts, including Bob Hope, Betty Grable and Rita Hayworth. It was also where he began exploring his bisexuality, which he said he never felt any need to conceal.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor .", "actor    entity is a French actress, model, and psychological counsellor.", "actor    entity is a French actress and psychologist, whose real name is France Nguyen Van Nga, born July 31, 1939 in Marseille.", "painting    entity is one of the most revered paintings by the Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh. It depicts Dr. Paul Gachet, a homeopathic doctor and artist with whom van Gogh resided following a spell in an asylum at Saint-R\u00e9my-de-Provence. Gachet took care of Van Gogh during the final months of his life. There are two authenticated versions of the portrait, both painted in June 1890 at Auvers-sur-Oise. Both show Gachet sitting at a table and leaning his head on his right arm, but they are easily differentiated in color and style. There is also an etching.", "painting    entity is one of Dutch painter Vincent Van Gogh's most expensive paintings, selling for a record $75 million in 1990. It depicts Doctor Paul Gachet.", "single    entity was an Ottoman prince as the son of Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent and Hurrem Sultan. After the execution of \u015eehzade Mustafa in 1553, Bayezid became the popular heir among the army. Throughout the 1550s, when Suleiman was already in his 60s, a protracted competition for the throne between Bayezid and his brother Selim became evident. Bayezid had fallen into disfavor with his father \u2013 who was angered by Bayezid's disobedience stemming from around the same years \u2013 as opposed to Selim . After being defeated in a battle near Konya in 1559 by Selim and Sokullu Mehmet Pasha , he fled to t", "single    entity is an Ottoman prince, son of Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent and Roxelane.", "military person    entity is a United States military decoration awarded in the name of the President to those wounded or killed while serving, on or after April 5, 1917, with the U.S. military. With its forerunner, the Badge of Military Merit, which took the form of a heart made of purple cloth, the Purple Heart is the oldest military award still given to U.S. military members \u2013 the only earlier award being the obsolete Fidelity Medallion. The National Purple Heart Hall of Honor is located in New Windsor, New York.", "military person    entity is an American military medal, awarded in the name of the President of the United States, awarded to persons injured or killed in service with the United States Army after April 5, 1917.", "film    entity is a 1975 American biographical musical comedy-drama film directed by Herbert Ross and starring Barbra Streisand, James Caan, Omar Sharif, Roddy McDowall and Ben Vereen. A sequel to the 1968 film Funny Girl, it is a highly fictionalized account of the later life and career of comedian Fanny Brice and her marriage to songwriter and impresario Billy Rose. The screenplay was by Jay Presson Allen and Arnold Schulman, based on a story by Schulman. The primary score was by John Kander and Fred Ebb.", "film    entity is a 1975 American musical film by Herbert Ross.", "village    entity is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2014 census, the municipality has a population of 2537 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a municipality in Spain, in the province of Badajoz, autonomous community of Extremadura. Portal of Extremadura Portal of Extremadura", "tennis player    entity is a Slovak professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for Slovan Bratislava of the Kontinental Hockey League .", "tennis player    entity is a professional ice hockey player.", "football match    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player, who is currently a free agent having last played for HSC Cs\u00edkszereda. He played a total of 129 games in the National Hockey League with the Ottawa Senators and Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, as well as several minor league professional teams. He is married to the Latvian long jumper Ineta Rad\u0113vi\u010da.", "football match    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He is playing as a winger.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Gostynin in Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 12 kilometers northwest of Gostynin and 116 kilometers east of west of Warsaw.", "album    entity is the third album by Brooklyn-based rap duo Das EFX, released in 1995 via East West Records. It contains production from DJ Premier, Pete Rock, and Easy Mo Bee. The track \"Represent the Real,\" featuring KRS-One, is the same version that appears on KRS-One's 1995 album KRS-One.", "album    entity is Das EFX's third studio album, released on September 26, 1995.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina G\u00f3rowo I\u0142aweckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately 15 kilometres north-west of G\u00f3rowo I\u0142aweckie, 32 km north-west of Bartoszyce, and 67 km north of the regional capital Olsztyn. The village has a population of 50.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in the Bartoszyce County.", "politician    entity was an American politician who served as a United States Senator from Indiana from 1977 to 2013. He was a member of the Republican Party. Born in Indianapolis, Lugar graduated from Denison University and the University of Oxford. He served on the Indianapolis Board of School Commissioners from 1964 to 1967 before he was elected to two terms as mayor of Indianapolis, serving from 1968 to 1976. During his tenure as mayor, Lugar served as the president of the National League of Cities in 1971 and gave the keynote address at the 1972 Republican National Convention.", "politician    entity is an American politician, member of the Republican Party, former senator from Indiana in the United States Congress and former mayor of Indianapolis from 1968 to 1975.", "comics creator    entity is regarded as the pioneer of Afrobeat, an African music genre that combines traditional Yoruba percussion and vocal styles with American funk and jazz. At the height of his popularity, he was referred to as one of Africa's most \"challenging and charismatic music performers\". AllMusic described him as a \"musical and sociopolitical voice\" of international significance.", "comics creator    entity is considered a the inventor of Afrobeat, a fusion of African-American elements of funk, jazz, West African music, traditional Nigerian music and Yoruba rhythms.", "album    entity is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey, taken from her eleventh studio album, E=MC\u00b2 . It was written by Carey, Aldrin Davis, Crystal Johnson and Clifford Harris, and produced by the former two. As the song's hook and instrumentation is derived from sampling DeBarge's \"Stay with Me\", Mark DeBarge and Etterlene Jordan also share songwriting credits. entity was released as the album's third single in the United States, Australasia and select European countries on July 1, 2008. Drawing influence from pop, soul and R&B music genres, and featuring a piano and keyboard-driven melody, the song's lyrics demonstrate the lengths the protagonist will go for her lover, and how she will be 'lovin' him long time'.", "album    entity is Mariah Carey's third single from the album E=MC2.", "album    entity is the second solo studio album by American singer and songwriter Stevie Nicks. Recording began in late 1982, shortly after the end of Fleetwood Mac's Mirage Tour. After the death of her best friend, Robin Anderson, and with new appreciation for her life and career, Nicks recorded the album in only a few months and was released on June 10, 1983, a year after Fleetwood Mac's Mirage album. It peaked at number five on the US Billboard 200 and achieved platinum status on September 12, 1983. The album has shipped 2 million copies in the US alone.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American singer and member of Fleetwood Mac Stevie Nicks. Released on June 10, 1983, a year after Fleetwood Mac Mirage's album, it reached number five on the US charts and sold a million copies in just three months. In 1993, the RIAA certified the album double platinum.", "album    entity is the 22nd single by Japanese singer and voice actress Nana Mizuki, released on February 10, 2010 by King Records. This is the first single which songs were featured in two different video games created by Namco Bandai Games.", "album    entity is the 22nd single by Japanese singer and seiy\u016b Nana Mizuki, released on February 10, 2010 through King Records. He comes 3rd at the Oricon. It sold 50,646 copies in its first week and remained charted for 12 weeks for a total of 72,062 copies sold.entity was used as the theme music for the video game Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's Portable: The Battle of Aces on PSP.", "military unit    entity is part of 4th Canadian Division. It commands the Primary Reserve units in eastern and northern portions of Ontario.", "military unit    entity is a Canadian Army Primary Reserve brigade group of the Canadian Armed Forces. It is part of the 4 Canadian Division and is based in Ottawa, Ontario. It includes 15 units in Eastern and Northern Ontario.", "album    entity is the second studio album by English singer and songwriter Charli XCX. It was released on 15 December 2014 by Asylum and Atlantic Records. The album was met with positive reviews from critics, praising its throwback style, and ended up being included on many year-end lists for best albums of 2014. entity spawned the singles \"Boom Clap\", \"Break the Rules\", \"Doing It\" and \"Famous\".", "album    entity is the second album by British singer Charli XCX, released in France on February 9, 2015.", "album    entity is Depeche Mode's ninth UK single , and the final single from the album Construction Time Again. The song peaked at number 21 on the UK Singles Chart. The \"Love, In Itself\" single contains three mixes of the song. \"Love, In Itself \u2022 2\" is the single edit of \"Love, In Itself\". \"Love, In Itself \u2022 3\" is the extended 12-inch mix. \"Love, In Itself \u2022 4\" is a Lounge-inspired version of the song that features piano prominently. The B-side is \"Fools,\" and \"Fools \" is the extended mix. \"Fools\" was written by Alan Wilder.", "album    entity is the ninth single from British band Depeche Mode, released on September 19, 1983. It is the last single from the album Construction Time Again. The single reached number 21 on the UK Best Selling Singles chart.The single entity contains three versions of the song. entity.2 is the edited version of entity.1. entity.3 is the extended version available on 12\" vinyl.", "record label    entity is an independent record label, with a roster of mainly indie rock, but also punk rock, experimental rock, alternative rock, and electronic acts.", "record label    entity is an independent label started by Chris Lombardi in his New York apartment in 1989. The following year he was joined by former Homestead Records manager Gerard Cosloy; their collaboration continues to this day. In 1993, the label began a partnership with Atlantic Records that would last a couple of years. In 1996, Capitol bought Matador for 49%, but Lombardi and Cosloy bought it back in 1999.", "album    entity is an American rock band from Manhattan, New York. Formed in 1997, their original line-up consisted of Paul Banks , Daniel Kessler , Carlos Dengler , and Greg Drudy . Drudy left the band in 2000 and was replaced by Sam Fogarino. Dengler left to pursue other projects in 2010, with Banks taking on the additional role of bassist instead of hiring a new one.", "album    entity is an indie rock band from New York City.", "album    entity is a song by British rock band the Cure. Released as the second single from their ninth studio album, Wish , in May 1992, the song was a worldwide hit, reaching number six in the UK and number 18 in the United States, where it also topped the Modern Rock Tracks chart. It also won the award for European Viewer's Choice for Best Music Video at the 1992 MTV Video Music Awards. Robert Smith, the song's primary writer, described it in 1992 as both \"a throw your hands in the air, let's get happy kind of record\" and \"a very na\u00efve, happy type of pop song.\"", "album    entity is a song by The Cure group appearing on the album Wish and released as a single on May 26, 1992 with the unreleased title Halo on the B side. The maxi, in vinyl or CD, contains an additional unreleased song, Scared as You and offers a remix of entity. The song serves as the credits to the Swedish series Andra Avenyn broadcast since September 2007.", "screen writer    entity is an American television series created by Rob Thomas. The series premiered on September 22, 2004, during UPN's last two years, and ended on May 22, 2007, after a season on UPN's successor, The CW Television Network. Balancing murder mystery, high-school and college drama, the series features social commentary with sarcasm and off-beat humor in a style often compared to film noir. Set in the fictional town of Neptune, the series starred Kristen Bell as the title character, a student who progressed from high school to college during the series while moonlighting as a private investigator under the wing of her detective father.", "screen writer    entity is a fictional character from the Veronica Mars series. He is played by Percy Daggs III.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of \u017ditora\u0111a, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 960 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of \u017ditora \u0111a , Toplica district. At the 2011 census, it had 842 inhabitants.", "place    entity is a song by English heavy metal band Black Sabbath, the second track on their nineteenth studio album, 13 . It was released as the album's lead single on 19 April 2013, the first Black Sabbath release with Ozzy Osbourne since \"Psycho Man\" and \"Selling My Soul\" from Reunion .", "place    entity is a song by heavy metal band Black Sabbath from their album 13. It is the first single from the album and the first featuring Ozzy Osbourne since Psycho Man and Selling My Soul from the album Reunion in 1998. The song was released in .mp3 on Amazon.com. It was also available for free on iTunes for those who had pre-ordered the album. The song was also put in full on YouTube for the promotion of the song. The song title and cover, by Heather", "comics creator    entity is an American record producer, record executive, songwriter, and music publisher. In a career spanning over 30 years, Stewart has won 5 Grammys and is responsible for over 50 million records sold. He is noted for producing many hip hop, R&B and pop chart topping singles, often with The-Dream. Some of Stewart's record breaking singles are: Britney Spears' \"Me Against the Music\" , Beyonc\u00e9's \"Single Ladies \" , Rihanna's \"Umbrella\" , Justin Bieber's \"One Time\" and \"Baby\" , Mary J. Blige's \"Just Fine\" , Mariah Carey's \"Touch My Body\" and \"Obsessed\" , Ciara's \"Ride\" , M\u00fda's \"Case of the Ex\" , Karina Pasian's \"16 @ War\" , and Nicole Scherzinger's \"Your Lo", "comics creator    entity is an American songwriter and music producer.", "album    entity is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Shania Twain from her third studio album, Come On Over . Written by Twain and her longtime collaborator and then-husband Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange, who also produced the track, the song was released first to North American country radio stations in March 1999 as the eighth single from the album, and it was released worldwide later the same year. entity is a country pop song with lyrics about female empowerment.", "album    entity is the eighth song from Shania Twain's Come on Over album.", "screen writer    entity is an American theoretical physicist and string theorist. Along with Frank Wilczek and David Politzer, he was awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physics for their discovery of asymptotic freedom. Gross is the Chancellor's Chair Professor of Theoretical Physics at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics of the University of California, Santa Barbara , and was formerly the KITP director and holder of their Frederick W. Gluck Chair in Theoretical Physics. He is also a faculty member in the UCSB Physics Department and is currently affiliated with the Institute for Quantum Studies at Chapman University in California. He is a foreign member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.", "screen writer    entity is an American physicist working, in 2010, mainly in string theory.", "musical artist    entity is an American modern jazz guitarist.", "musical artist    entity is an American jazz guitarist and composer.", "musical artist    entity is a British musician and songwriter. He is best known as the bassist and primary lyricist of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath. He has also recorded and performed with Heaven & Hell, GZR, and Ozzy Osbourne. Butler is currently the bassist of Deadland Ritual.", "musical artist    entity is the bassist for Black Sabbath.", "album    entity was a side project formed by vocalist/guitarist Zakk Wylde and White Lion members James LoMenzo and Greg D'Angelo. It was the first project for which Wylde also served as lead vocalist, prior to releasing his first solo-album, 1996's Book of Shadows. Wylde subsequently formed the band Black Label Society in 1998, which remains active.", "album    entity was the side project of Ozzy Osbourne guitarist Zakk Wylde. It was the first group featuring Zakk. The band only released one album.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Madonna from her fourth studio album, Like a Prayer . It was written and produced by Madonna and Patrick Leonard, and was released by Sire Records as the album's third single on August 1, 1989. entity was built around the themes of love and relationships, with William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet being one of the major inspirations. The track also included a line from entity by the 1960s band the Association. Musically constructed as a doo-wop-style pop song, it is regarded as a light-hearted track by critics and includes instruments such as a drum machine, percussions, keyboards and a saxophone. Lyrically, it speaks of Madonna's devotion to her lover, and her promise to be always by his side. entity was included on Madonna's greatest", "album    entity is a song by American artist Madonna. It was released as the third single from her fourth studio album, Like a Prayer on August 1, 1989 under Sire Records. It is also included in The Immaculate Collection and Celebration compilations. Written and produced by Madonna and Patrick Leonard, entity is about love and romantic relationships and takes William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet as one of its main inspirations.", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band Alice in Chains and, along with \"Died\", one of the last two songs recorded with vocalist Layne Staley before his death in 2002. The song was released as the lead single from the compilation Nothing Safe: Best of the Box on June 1, 1999. It peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, and at No. 12 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart. entity was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 2000. The song was also included on the compilation albums Music Bank and The Essential Alice in Chains .", "album    entity is a song by the American rock band released on July 13, 1999 by Columbia Records. The song was recorded from September to October 1998 at London Bridge Studio in Seattle and appeared on the Nothing Safe: Best of the Box compilation. Written at the same time as the title Died and recorded during the same recording sessions, these two compositions will be the last with singer Layne Staley who died in April 2002.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode. It was first released on 19 March 1990 through Mute Records internationally, and through Sire and Reprise Records in the United States.", "album    entity is Depeche Mode's 7th studio album, released on March 19, 1990. Considered the band's best album to date for its inventive and innovative production qualities, it was a resounding artistic and commercial success.", "album    entity is the second solo studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Ol' Dirty Bastard. It was released on September 14, 1999 via Elektra Records. Recording sessions took place at Quad Recording Studios, at Chung King Studios and at 36 Chambers Studio in New York City, and at American Studios in Los Angeles. Production was handled by RZA, The Neptunes, Irv Gotti, Buddha Monk, Dat Nigga Reb, DL, Flavahood Productions, Mr. Fingers and True Master. It features guest appearances from 12 O'Clock, Kelis, La the Darkman, Lil' Mo, Pharrell Williams, Raison the Zukeeper, Shorty Shit Stain, and comedian Chris Rock.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Ol' Dirty Bastard, released on September 14, 1999. Propelled by the success of the single Got Your Money, in duet with the young Kelis, the album was ranked 2nd on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 10th on the Billboard 200.", "album    entity is a song by Swedish DJ and record producer Avicii, released as the lead single from his debut studio album True, released on CD by PRMD Music and Island Records on 17 June 2013. entity was written by Avicii, Mike Einziger, and American soul singer Aloe Blacc. Aloe Blacc also provides vocals for the track and Mike Einziger of Incubus provides acoustic guitar. Peter Dyer also provides keyboard on the song. Avicii introduced \"Wake Me Up!\" for the first time live on stage at the Ultra Music Festival in Miami. The experimental rendering reportedly confused and angered a section of the electronic dance festival communi", "album    entity is a song by Swedish producer and DJ Avicii featuring singer Aloe Blacc, taken from his debut studio album, True. The track was released as the album's lead single on June 17, 2013. in the Netherlands, Belgium, Canada, Italy and Switzerland in particular.", "album    Body Count \u8305 uma banda norte-americana de heavy metal formada em 1990 na cidade de Los Angeles, Calif\u8d38rnia. O conjunto foi formado por Ice-T, mais conhecido pelas suas contribui\u83bd\u73abes no hip hop, tendo sido tamb\u8305m um dos pioneiros do gangsta rap. Ice-T formou a banda por causa de seu interesse em fazer um som mais pesado, ele assumiu o papel de vocalista do grupo, escrevendo as letras para a maioria das m\u7164sicas da banda, enquanto o guitarrista, , cuidaria da parte musical. Em 2017 foi lan\u83bdado o sexto \u8c29lbum de est\u7164dio, Bloodlust, que contou com a participa\u83bd\u832bo de Max Cavalera e Dave Mustaine.", "album    entity is an American hardcore and rap metal band, formed in Los Angeles in 1990, around rapper Ice-T and guitarist Ernie-C. Guitarist D-Roc, bassist Mooseman and drummer Beatmaster-V complete the starting lineup.", "single    entity was a Canadian airline that operated from 1987 until 2001. The airline was Canada's second largest airline after Air Canada, carrying more than 11.9 million passengers to over 160 destinations in 17 countries on five continents at its height in 1996. Canadian Airlines served 105 destinations in Canada, more than any other airline. Canadian Airlines was also a founding member of the Oneworld airline alliance.", "single    Canadian Airlines International Ltd.", "album    entity is the twenty-fifth studio album by American recording artist Prince. It was released on May 14, 2002 by NPG Records. It features him singing and accompanying himself on piano, making only occasional use of other instruments. It includes a cover of the Joni Mitchell classic, \"A Case of You\", retitled \"A Case of U\". Mitchell receives special thanks in the liner notes. It is also the first Prince album not to chart. One song that caused some controversy amongst fans is \"Avalanche\", which describes Abraham Lincoln as a racist.", "album    entity is the 25th studio album by musician Prince, released on May 14, 2002.", "dam    entity is a major river that originates in Angola and flows north through Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the city of Bandundu, where it joins the Kwango River just before this stream enters the Kasai River. In the DRC the river flows past the towns of Gungu, Kikwit, Bulungu, Bagata, Rutherfordia and Bandundu.Lusanga, formerly Leverville, lies at the location where the Kwenge River joins the Kwilu, between Kikwit and Bulungu.", "dam    entity is a river in the Congo River Basin, in the Bandundu in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the U\u00edge in Angola, and a tributary of the Kasai.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the capital city of the Tigray Region in Ethiopia. Mekelle was formerly the capital of Enderta awraja in Tigray. It is located around 780 kilometres north of the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa, with an elevation of 2,254 metres above sea level. Administratively, Mekelle is considered a Special Zone, which is divided into seven sub-cities. It is the economic, cultural, and political hub of northern Ethiopia.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the capital of the Tigray region in northern Ethiopia. She is also a woreda. The city had 169,207 inhabitants in 2005. In the 19th century, the negusse negest Yohannes IV had established his residence there. Mekele is a city located in the South Tigray area of \u200b\u200bthe Tigray region.", "village    entity is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.", "village    entity is a city in the west of the state of Santa Catarina in Brazil.", "album    entity is the fourth single released by Ayumi Hamasaki on October 7, 1998.", "album    entity is the 4th single from Ayumi Hamasaki released under the Avex Trax label, in 1998, or her 5th single in total counting Nothing from Nothing attributed to Ayumi.", "musical artist    entity was an American singer, songwriter, pianist, and composer. Among friends and fellow musicians he preferred being called \"Brother Ray\". He was often referred to as \"the Genius\". Charles was blinded during childhood, possibly due to glaucoma.", "musical artist    entity is an American singer, composer, arranger and pianist. A major figure in Afro-American music, he tackled many musical genres during his career of more than fifty years: jazz, gospel, blues, country or even rhythm and blues.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, author, musician and poet. Prolific in films, television and on stage, Lithgow is the recipient of numerous accolades, including two Golden Globe Awards, six Primetime Emmy Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, two Tony Awards and nominations for two Academy Awards and four Grammy Awards. He was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame and has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, producer, and musician.", "sea    entity is the fourteenth studio album by American Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. The album was announced on May 2, 2012 for release on August 21, 2012, and September 17 in the UK. It is the first Lynyrd Skynyrd album to feature Peter Keys on keyboards and Johnny Colt on bass and also features guest guitarist John 5. The first single, \"entity\", was made available to purchase via iTunes on July 9, 2012.", "sea    entity is the thirteenth studio album by American Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. It was released on August 21, 2012 on Roadrunner Records and was produced by Bob Marlette. Billy is replaced within the group by Peter Keys and Johnny Colt replaces on bass Ean Evans, also deceased in 2009.", "screen writer    entity was an American actress and coloratura soprano. From the age of twelve, Grayson trained as an opera singer. She was under contract to Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer by the early 1940s, soon establishing a career principally through her work in musicals. After several supporting roles, she was a lead performer in such films as Thousands Cheer , Anchors Aweigh with Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly, and Show Boat and Kiss Me Kate , both with Howard Keel.", "screen writer    entity was an American actress and singer born February 9, 1922 in Winston-Salem and died February 17, 2010 in Los Angeles. Her training as a classical singer made her chosen by Metro-Goldwyn- Mayer to perform the lead roles in some of the greatest musicals of the 1940s-1950s, including Show Boat and Kiss Me, Honey.", "village    entity is an urban-rural gmina in W\u0119gr\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of \u0141och\u00f3w, which lies approximately 26 kilometres north-west of W\u0119gr\u00f3w and 60 km north-east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 194.98 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 17,427 .", "village    entity is a mixed gmina in W\u0119gr\u00f3w County in Masovian Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. Its administrative seat is the town of entity , which is located about 26 km northwest of W\u0119gr\u00f3w and 60 km northeast of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b194.98 km2 with a population of 17,427 .", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wi\u015bniewo, within M\u0142awa County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres south-west of Wi\u015bniewo, 13 km south-west of M\u0142awa, and 102 km north-west of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Wieczfnia Ko\u015bcielna in M\u0142awa County , Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 8 kilometers south- west of Wi\u015b niewo, 13 kilometers southwest of M\u0142 awa and 102 kilometers northwest of Warsaw .", "village    entity is the most populous city in the German state of Saxony. With a population of 605,407 inhabitants as of 2021 , it is Germany's eighth most populous city as well as the second most populous city in the area of former East Germany after Berlin. Together with Halle , the largest city of the neighbouring state of Saxony-Anhalt, the city forms the polycentric conurbation of Leipzig-Halle. Between the two cities lies Leipzig/Halle Airport.", "village    entity is a city in Germany, in the northwest of the Land of Saxony. With more than 530,000 inhabitants, it is the largest city in Saxony, ahead of Dresden, the political capital of the Free State.", "sea    entity is a 1938 American \"Three Mesquiteers\" Western film directed by George Sherman and starring John Wayne, Ray Corrigan, and Max Terhune. Wayne played the lead in eight of the fifty-one films in the popular series.", "sea    entity is an American film directed by George Sherman, released in 1938.", "album    entity is a German thrash metal band from Frankfurt, founded in 1982. Alongside Kreator, Destruction and Sodom, entity is often considered one of the 'Big Four' of Teutonic thrash metal. Stylistically, entity have consistently played thrash metal that thematically centres primarily on alcohol reverence.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by German thrash metal band Tankard. The album was released in 1990 under the Noise Records label. It was Tankard's first album recorded with drummer Arnulf Tunn in the band. The title \"Space Beer\" was the subject of a video. This is one of the first made by the group.", "musical artist    entity is a French musician, record producer, singer, songwriter, DJ, and film director. He was one half of the French house music duo Daft Punk, along with Thomas Bangalter. He has also produced several works from his record label Crydamoure with label co-owner \u00c9ric Chedeville.", "musical artist    entity is a French musician, who founded, with Thomas Bangalter, the electronic music duo Daft Punk in 1993.", "village    entity is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.", "village    entity is a municipality in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, located in the district of Steinburg, five kilometers northeast of the town of Gl\u00fcckstadt. entity is one of the ten municipalities of the Amt Krempermarsch headquartered in Krempe.", "album    entity is the ninth studio album and first soundtrack album by the British rock band Queen, released on 8 December 1980 by EMI Records in the UK and on 27 January 1981 by Elektra Records in the US. It was one of two film soundtracks that they produced along with Highlander. It is the soundtrack to the science fiction film entity and features lyrics on only two tracks. \"Flash's Theme\" was the only single to be released from the album, under the title \"Flash\". The album reached number 10 on the UK charts and number 23 in the US. The album was reissued worldwide on 27 June 2011 as part of the band's 40th anniversary. The reissue adds an EP of related tracks.", "album    entity is an album by Queen, released in 1980.", "musical artist    entity was a Dutch progressive metal band with symphonic and gothic influences founded by guitarist and composer Arjen Anthony Lucassen and Mexican singer, violinist, and lyricist Marcela Bovio. They have released four studio albums.", "musical artist    entity is a progressive metal band with symphonic influences founded by Arjen Anthony Lucassen and Marcela Bovio. The band's debut album, Embrace the Storm, was recorded over the internet in several different locations. It was released on October 24, 2005 under the InsideOut Music label.", "album    entity is a song by American singers Britney Spears and Madonna for Spears' fourth studio album, In the Zone . It was written by Spears, Madonna, Christopher \"Tricky\" Stewart, Thabiso \"Tab\" Nikhereanye, Penelope Magnet, Terius Nash and Gary O'Brien. The song was released on October 14, 2003, by Jive Records, as the lead single of In the Zone. After bonding with Spears during a night in New York City, Stewart and Magnet started working on the song for her. During rehearsals for the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards, Spears played Madonna the track and asked her to do the song with her.", "album    entity is a song from American singer Britney Spears' fourth album, In the Zone. The title features a duet with Madonna. It was released on October 20, 2003, as the album's lead single. After dating Britney Spears for a night in New York, Christopher Stewart and Penelope Magnet began working on the song for her.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina G\u00f3ra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres west of G\u00f3ra Kalwaria, 12 km south-east of Piaseczno, and 28 km south of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of G\u00f3ra Kalwaria in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies about 7 kilometers west of G\u00f3ra Kalwaria, 12 kilometers south- east of Piaseczno and 28 kilometers south of Warsaw.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Canadian country-pop singer Shania Twain. It was the fourth country single, and sixth overall, from her fourth studio album Up!. The song was written by Twain And her then-husband Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange. Twain had announced that \"Nah!\" would be the next single after \"Forever and for Always\", but entity was released instead. It became Twain's 15th top ten single on Billboard Country. The song was originally to be released to the UK as a pop single on March 24, 2004, but that plan was cancelled. It was, however, released to Eastern Europe as the fourth single, where it did reasonably well in some countries. The song debuted in North America on October 6, 2003. Despite reaching the top ten, the song was excluded fr", "album    entity is the fourth single from the album Up! by Canadian singer Shania Twain. The song was written by Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange and Shania Twain. She had announced that Nah! would be the next single, after Forever and for Always, but entity was released instead. He became fifteenth on the Billboard Country. The song was originally to be released in the UK as a pop single, but this plan was cancelled.", "screen writer    entity was a French film and theater director.", "screen writer    entity was a French director, screenwriter, decorator and scenographer.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Ub in western Serbia. According to the 2011 census, entity had 759 residents.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Ub , district of Kolubara. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 761.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles. Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, and recorded on 17 October 1963, it was the first Beatles record to be made using four-track equipment.", "album    entity is a Beatles song, written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. It was released as a single on November 29, 1963 in Great Britain, with This Boy as the B-side, and on December 26 in the United States, with I Saw Her Standing There as the B-side. Bretagne with a fourth consecutive No. 1 after Please Please Me, From Me to You and She Loves You, entity is the first Beatles title to climb to the top of the American Charts.", "soccer player    entity is a French professional footballer who plays as a central defender for American Major League Soccer club Sporting Kansas City.", "soccer player    entity is a French footballer who plays as a defender at PSV Eindhoven.", "screen writer    entity was an American pioneer film actor, director and producer.", "screen writer    entity was an American director, actor, screenwriter and producer.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 22 June 2014 at the Red Bull Ring in Spielberg, Austria. It was the eighth round of the 2014 season and marked the 28th running of the Austrian Grand Prix and the 27th time it had been held as a round of the Formula One World Championship. It was the first Austrian Grand Prix held since 2003. The 71-lap race was won by Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg after starting from third position. His teammate Lewis Hamilton finished second with Valtteri Bottas third for the Williams team.", "formula one team    entity is the 905th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950. It is the twenty-eighth edition of the Grand Prix of Austria counting for the Formula 1 world championship, the twenty-sixth contested on the Spielberg circuit, and the eighth round of the 2014 championship.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, written by John Lennon and credited to Lennon\u2013McCartney. The song is the opening track on their 1969 album Abbey Road and was also released as a single coupled with \"Something\". The song reached the top of the charts in the United States and peaked at No. 4 in the United Kingdom. It has been covered by several other artists, including Ike & Tina Turner, Aerosmith and Michael Jackson.", "album    entity is a Beatles song, written by John Lennon, but credited Lennon/McCartney, as are all the other songs of the band composed by John Lennon or Paul McCartney, in collaboration or not.", "film    entity is a 2014 internationally co-produced drama film directed by Fatih Ak\u0131n. It was selected to compete for the Golden Lion at the 71st Venice International Film Festival.", "film    entity is a German-French-Polish-Turkish-Canadian-Italian film directed by Fatih Ak \u0131 n , released in 2014. The film was presented in official competition at the Venice International Film Festival in 2014.", "musical artist    entity is a producer, arranger, instrumentalist and composer. He is best known for his work with PJ Harvey, with whom he has been most closely associated as producer, arranger and musician since 1990.His own compositional work, which could be described as being something akin to contemporary \u201cclassical\u201d music, has been released on six recordings, three under the name \"Spleen\" and three under his own name \"Music for the home \" and \"Music for the home - Volume 2\" for The Leaf Label, and \"The Nostalgia Machine\" for KPM.He has also worked as producer/arranger and musician for such diverse artists as Marianne Faithfull, Robyn Hitchcock, ex-Ash guitarist Charlotte Hatherley, Madrugada, Laika, Swell, Placebo, ex-Tricky singer", "musical artist    entity is a drummer, music producer, known as a member of PJ Harvey's band and arranger. When he is not performing on stage, he composes classical music: Music for the home - Volume 1 was released in 2000, and Music for the home - Volume 2 in 2004 on the Leaf label. His music is influenced by the people he does not hesitate to quote in a humorous way in these works: Debussy, Ravel or Stravinsky.", "sea    entity is a 1957 Italian-American adventure film produced and directed by Henry Hathaway, shot in Technirama and Technicolor by Jack Cardiff, and starring John Wayne, Sophia Loren, and Rossano Brazzi. The location shooting for the film took place near Tripoli, Libya.", "sea    entity is a 1957 American-Italian adventure film directed by Henry Hathaway.", "vice president    entity is a player who is eligible to sign with other clubs or franchises; i.e., not under contract to any specific team. The term is also used in reference to a player who is under contract at present but who is allowed to solicit offers from other teams. In some circumstances, the free agent's options are limited by league rules.", "vice president    entity is a player whose contract with his team has expired and who can sign a contract with another team. The term is common in North America where the phenomenon exists in all four major leagues: the National Football League, Major League Baseball, the National Hockey League, and the National Basketball Association.", "village    entity is the largest city in the Swedish county of Scania . It is the third-largest city in Sweden, after Stockholm and Gothenburg, and the sixth-largest city in the Nordic region, with a population of 316,588 . The entity Metropolitan Region is home to over 700,000 people, and the \u00d6resund region, which includes entity as well as Copenhagen, is home to 4 million people. entity is considered a gamma-level global city by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network.", "village    entity is a city in the far south of Sweden. those of Stockholm and Gothenburg. The metropolis of Malm\u00f6 has more than 530,000 inhabitants and adjoins that of Copenhagen and its 1,650,000 inhabitants; this set, called the \u00d6resund region, constitutes a major pole in Scandinavia. For various reasons, including", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles from their 1968 double album The Beatles . The song was written primarily by Paul McCartney, and credited to Lennon\u2013McCartney. It was inspired by a lecture given by the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi while the Beatles were in India. The same lecture inspired Lennon's song \"Child of Nature\", the tune of which he later re-used for \"Jealous Guy\". Although credited to the group, the song was performed by McCartney alone , while the other Beatles were working on other \"White Album\" songs.", "album    entity is a Beatles song, composed and performed solo by Paul McCartney. This is a hymn to nature whose idea was born during the group's stay in India. Lennon had composed a similar song, Child of Nature, which was eventually transformed years later into Jealous Guy. McCartney recorded his composition alone in August 1968 accompanied in the final phase by brass orchestrated by George Martin.", "village    entity is a comune in the Province of Ascoli Piceno in the Italian region Marche, located about 80 kilometres southeast of Ancona and about 20 kilometres northeast of Ascoli Piceno. It is the birthplace of James of the Marches. entity borders the following municipalities: Acquaviva Picena, Colonnella, Controguerra, Martinsicuro, Monsampolo del Tronto, San Benedetto del Tronto.", "village    entity is an Italian town of about 12,000 inhabitants, located in the province of Ascoli Piceno, in the Marche region, in central Italy.", "album    entity is the third studio album and first soundtrack album by English rock band Pink Floyd. It was released on 13 June 1969 in the United Kingdom by EMI Columbia and on 9 August 1969 in the United States by Tower Records. The soundtrack is for the film of the same name, which was primarily filmed on location on Ibiza and was the directorial debut of Barbet Schroeder. It was the band's first album without former leader Syd Barrett.", "album    entity is a song by Pink Floyd, featured on the album More. This is the ninth track on the album. In the film, the \u201centity\u201d establishment is not in Ibiza but in Paris. It is a song quite similar to The Nile Song present on the same album, with the difference that it also includes synthesizers. She also flirts with hard rock.", "screen writer    entity is a French radio and television presenter. He is known for presenting Laurent Ruquier's sketch comedy show On n'demande qu'\u813f en rire in 2014. He also co-hosted on MCM the special \"La Nuit de la pub drole\" and \"La nuit de la pub sexy\" with Val Kahl.In February 2018, animator of France 2 :.", "screen writer    entity is a French radio and television presenter.", "comics creator    entity is a Guyanese-born British dub music producer and engineer known for his original productions and remix work. He is considered one of the leading producers of dub music's second generation and was instrumental in transitioning dub into the digital age. He has collaborated with reggae artists such as Lee \"Scratch\" Perry, Sly and Robbie, Pato Banton, Jah Shaka and Horace Andy, as well as artists outside the realm of traditional reggae and dub, such as Sade, Massive Attack, The Orb, Gaudi, the Brazilian DJ Marcelinho da lua, Grace Jones, and Perry Farrell.", "comics creator    entity is Neil Fraser, born in 1955 in Georgetown, Guyana, has been one of the leaders of English dub music since the early 1980s. Neil Fraser is a little genius in electronic manipulation. He was able to make his own equipment very early on, which earned him his stage name Mad Professor. At the age of nine, he built a radio.", "soccer manager    entity is a former American football center. He was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers as an undrafted free agent in 2009. He played college football at Iowa. He has also been a member of the Atlanta Falcons.", "soccer manager    entity is an American football player.", "village    entity is a Southern Bantu language of the Nguni branch spoken in Southern Africa. It is the language of the Zulu people, with about 12 million native speakers, who primarily inhabit the province of KwaZulu-Natal of South Africa. Zulu is the most widely spoken home language in South Africa , and it is understood by over 50% of its population. It became one of South Africa's 11 official languages in 1994. In South African English, the language is often referred to in its native form, isiZulu.", "village    entity is a language belonging to the Nguni group of Bantu languages. It is one of the most widely spoken languages \u200b\u200bin Africa. The native language of more than 9 million people, entity is the dominant language in the province of Kwaentity-Natal and the most widely spoken language in the provinces of Mpumalanga and Gauteng . entity is also the most widely spoken language in South Africa.", "comics creator    entity is a songwriter who thinks of and writes lyrics\u2014words for songs\u2014as opposed to a composer, who writes the song's music which may include but not limited to the melody, harmony, arrangement and accompaniment.", "comics creator    entity is the author of the text of a song, the melody being the work of the composer.", "album    entity is the eighth track on the English band Pink Floyd's 1973 album, The Dark Side of the Moon. It is an instrumental written by David Gilmour, Richard Wright and Nick Mason.", "album    entity is an instrumental song from the album Dark Side of the Moon by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released in 1973.", "instrumentalist    entity is considered to be a free jazz pioneer, liberating percussion from its timekeeping role. The composer and saxophonist John Zorn referred to Graves as \"basically a 20th-century shaman.\"", "instrumentalist    entity is an American drummer and percussionist, particularly noted in the 1960s. He is considered one of the pioneers of free jazz, freeing percussion from its traditional role of marking the tempo.", "prefecture    entity is a county in the south of Sichuan Province, China. It is under the administration of the Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture.", "prefecture    entity is an administrative district of Sichuan Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture.", "sports league    entity is a Congolese football club based in Goma, North Kivu province and currently playing in the Linafoot Ligue 2, the second level of the Congolese football.", "sports league    entity is a Congolese football club based in Goma.", "album    entity is the debut single written by OneRepublic frontman Ryan Tedder for OneRepublic's debut album Dreaming Out Loud. It was released as the lead single of that album. Timbaland remixed the song for his second studio album, Shock Value . This version, also produced by Greg Wells, included an extra line of percussion, new backing vocals, and added sound samples, in addition to sound mixing and a few other minor changes. The guitar solo after the second verse was omitted. The song was the biggest radio airplay hit in the history of the Mainstream Top 40 chart in North America, with 10,394 plays in one week, until its record was broken by Leona Lewis's \"Bleeding Love\", which was also co-written by Tedder. The song was a major hit interna", "album    entity is a song written by OneRepublic's Ryan Tedder for their debut album, Dreaming Out Loud, released in 2007. According to the band's MySpace site, the song \"explores the personal pain of multiple relationships going awry and the need to leave.\"", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in West Africa. It is bordered by Togo to the west, Nigeria to the east, Burkina Faso to the north-west, and Niger to the north-east. The majority of its population lives on the small southern coastline of the Bight of Benin, part of the Gulf of Guinea in the northernmost tropical portion of the Atlantic Ocean. The capital of Benin is Porto-Novo, but the seat of government is in Cotonou, the country's largest city and economic capital. Benin covers an area of 114,763 square kilometres and its population in 2018 was estimated to be approximately 11.49 million. Benin is a tropical nation, highly depen", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in West Africa, which covers an area of \u200b\u200b114,763 km and stretches 700 km from the Niger River in the north to the Atlantic coast in the south. Benin had a population of 10,741,458 in 2016. The country is part of ECOWAS and neighbors Togo to the west, Nigeria to the east, Niger to the north-northeast and Burkina Faso to the north- North West.", "soccer player    entity was a Paraguayan football midfielder who played for Paraguay in the 1930 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Club Libertad. In Argentina, he played in Atlanta , and the fusion Atlanta-Argentinos Juniors in 1934.", "soccer player    entity was a Paraguayan international footballer, who played in midfield.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Madonna from her tenth studio album Confessions on a Dance Floor . Written by Madonna, Stuart Price and Joe Henry, the song was supposed to be released as the third single of the album. However, since \"Get Together\" was decided as the third single, entity was released as the fourth and final single from the album, on October 31, 2006 by Warner Bros. Records. The song incorporates pop, synth-pop, techno and disco genres with tributes to Pet Shop Boys. Madonna sings in her lower register in the song. Its lyrics talk about self-empowerment and sufficiency while looking for the prospects of a new relationship.", "album    entity is the fourth and final single from Madonna's Confessions on a Dance Floor album. Written by Madonna, Stuart Price and Joe Henry, the song has very \"dance\" tones that fit perfectly with the sound of the album. The song went on sale at the end of October and throughout November 2006.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper Kendrick Lamar. It was released on July 2, 2011, through Top Dawg Entertainment . The concept album features lyrical themes delivered by Lamar such as the 1980s crack epidemic, racism and medication tolerance. The album's lead single, \"HiiiPoWeR\" was released on April 12, 2011.", "album    entity is Kendrick Lamar's debut studio album, released on July 2, 2011 and streaming only on iTunes. The album was produced by Top Dawg Entertainment. Artists Colin Munroe, GLC, Ashtro Bot, BJ the Chicago Kid, Schoolboy Q and Ab-Soul feature on the album. The production was mainly ensured by the members of the Digi+Phonics collective, under the tutelage of Top Dawg as well as by the American rapper J. Cole.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He most recently played under contract with the then Thomas Sabo Ice Tigers in the German Deutsche Eishockey Liga . His twin brother Garrett also plays hockey in the DEL and is under contract with Grizzlys Wolfsburg.", "tennis player    entity is a German-Canadian ice hockey player.", "formula one team    entity was a motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 14 May 1966 at the Silverstone Circuit, England. The race was run over 35 laps of the Silverstone Grand Prix circuit, and was won by Australian Jack Brabham in the Brabham-Repco BT19. With no Race of Champions in 1966, the International Trophy formed the first major race of the European season, being run just a week before the start of the FIA World Championship in Monaco. The 1966 season was significant, as changes to the F1 formula had allowed an increase in engine capacity from 1.5L to 3L. This then was the first opportunity for many teams to test their new cars against top-line opposition.", "formula one team    entity was a non-championship Formula 1 race held at the Silverstone circuit on 14 May 1966.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiesz\u00f3w, within \u0141uk\u00f3w County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north-west of Trzebiesz\u00f3w, 14 km north-east of \u0141uk\u00f3w, and 86 km north of the regional capital Lublin.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Trzebiesz\u00f3w in the county of \u0141uk\u00f3w , Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "comics creator    entity is considered one of the most important figures in German idealism and one of the founding figures of Western philosophy, with his influence extending to the entire range of contemporary philosophical issues, from aesthetics to ontology and politics, both in the analytic and continental tradition.", "comics creator    entity is one of the most representative of German idealism and has had a decisive influence on the whole of contemporary philosophy. Hegel teaches philosophy in the form of a system of all knowledge according to a dialectical logic.", "soccer manager    entity is a former Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently serving as the Executive Director of Development for Divine Renovation Ministry. DiPenta is a Catholic.", "soccer manager    entity is a retired professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Verve and is featured on their third album, Urban Hymns. It was released 2 March 1998 as the final single from the album. The song has the same instrumental layout as \"The Drugs Don't Work\", consisting of acoustic and electric guitars backed up with a string section which is mainly made up of violins.", "album    entity is a song by British Britpop band The Verve, taken from their third album, Urban Hymns. It was released on March 2, 1998 as the fourth single from this album, and reached number 74 on the UK Singles Chart. In fact, only 5,000 copies of 12-turn vinyls were sold, forming a limited edition.", "album    entity is a song written by Neil Young and first released on his 1969 album Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere. Young has included live versions of the song on several albums and on the Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young album 4 Way Street. It has also been covered by The Byrds on their self-titled album. Like three other songs from Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere, \"Cinnamon Girl\", \"Down by the River\" and the title track, Young wrote entity while he was suffering from the flu with a high fever at his home in Topanga, California.", "album    entity is a Neil Young song from the 1969 album Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere.", "record label    entity is an American independent record label based in Nashville, Tennessee founded by rapper Young Buck. Initially founded as a southern branch of 50 Cent's G-Unit Records, the label became \"entity\" in late 2007 after a dispute between 50 Cent and Young Buck led to Buck being banned from using the G-Unit logo or name to distribute his music. The label has signed such acts as The Outlawz, C-Bo, Lil Scrappy, D4L and more.", "record label    entity is an independent American music label, founded by Young Buck. The label is distributed by RED Distribution, owned by Sony BMG Music Entertainment.", "screen writer    entity was an Italian chemist, who discovered a three-component reaction between urea, acetoacetic ester and aldehydes . He also studied various aspects of sanitation chemistry and chemical products' quality control.", "screen writer    entity was an Italian chemist who discovered a three-component reaction between urea, ethyl acetoacetate and an aromatic aldehyde, which today bears his name, the Biginelli reaction. He has also studied various aspects relating to the implications of chemistry in the improvement of hygiene and the quality control of chemical products.", "village    entity is a town in the German state of Saxony. Located in the region of Lusatia on the Lusatian Neisse, it is the second largest town in Lusatia after Cottbus, and the largest in Upper Lusatia. The town is the seat of the district of entity, Germany's easternmost district. Its approximately 56,000 inhabitants make entity the sixth largest town in Saxony. While not Lusatiophone itself, the town is situated just east of the Sorbian-speaking parts of Lusatia.", "village    entity is a border town in eastern Germany, the sixth most populous city in the Land of Saxony, watered by the Neisse river.", "formula one team    entity is notable for the first lap collision between Williams driver Juan Pablo Montoya and Ferrari's Michael Schumacher, which led to the Colombian being given a drive through penalty. This decision led to much criticism for the Malaysian stewards, with the victim of the incident, Schumacher, commenting that the decision was \"overly harsh\" on Montoya.", "formula one team    Results of the 2002 Malaysian Grand Prix, raced at the Sepang International Circuit on March 17, 2002.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish former professional ice hockey left wing who last played with Oulun K\u00e4rp\u00e4t of the Liiga. He played in three National Hockey League games with the Washington Capitals and Carolina Hurricanes.", "soccer manager    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a striker.", "village    entity is a city along the Mississippi River in southwestern Shelby County, Tennessee, United States. Its 2020 population was 633,104, making it Tennessee's second-most populous city behind Nashville, the nation's 28th-largest, and the largest city proper situated along the Mississippi River. Greater entity is the 42nd-largest metropolitan area in the United States, with a population of 1,348,260 in 2017. The city is the anchor of West Tennessee and the greater Mid-South region, which includes portions of neighboring Arkansas, Mississippi, and the Missouri Bootheel. entity is the seat of Shelby County, Tennessee's most populous county. One of the more historic and culturally significant cities of the southern United States, entity has a wide variety of landscapes and distinct neighborh", "village    entity is a city located in the state of Tennessee, United States. A port city on the Mississippi River, entity is Tennessee's largest industrial center; it is the county seat of Shelby. entity is considered \"the cradle of the blues\" and the famous Beale Street brings together many clubs including that of BB King. The city is also known to rock 'n' roll fans. Elvis Presley, who grew up in entity, bought a lavish mansion there, Gracel", "soccer manager    entity is a Dominican professional basketball player for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association . Horford is a five-time NBA All-Star and is the highest paid Latin American basketball player. He also represents the Dominican Republic national team.", "soccer manager    entity is a Dominican basketball player playing in the NBA for the Atlanta Hawks club. This pivot of 2.08 m for 113 kg is the son of former NBA player Tito Horford.", "film    entity is a 1987 romantic fantasy film directed by Wim Wenders. The film is about invisible, immortal angels who populate Berlin and listen to the thoughts of its human inhabitants, comforting the distressed. Even though the city is densely populated, many of the people are isolated or estranged from their loved ones. One of the angels, played by Bruno Ganz, falls in love with a beautiful, lonely trapeze artist, played by Solveig Dommartin. The angel chooses to become mortal so that he can experience human sensory pleasures, ranging from enjoying food to touching a loved one, and so that he can discover human love with the trapeze artist.", "film    entity is a Franco-German film directed by Wim Wenders, released in 1987, from a screenplay by Wim Wenders and writer Peter Handke. He received the Best Director Award at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival.", "record label    entity is a Christian record label, an imprint of Tooth & Nail Records. Unlike Tooth & Nail, Solid State signs hardcore punk and heavy metal bands. Like Tooth & Nail, Solid State is primarily a Christian label. However, they have signed several bands with Christian members that don't label themselves as Christian bands, including Stretch Arm Strong, Gwen Stacy, He Is Legend, the Famine, Training for Utopia, and the Agony Scene.", "record label    entity is a Christian metal recording label, part of the Tooth & Nail Records division. Although working primarily with Christian groups, entity also works with secular groups, such as Stretch Arm Strong, Gwen Stacy or The Famine.", "single    entity was a German World War I flying ace who was a fighter pilot operating on the Macedonian front. He was credited with twenty confirmed and six unconfirmed victories.", "single    entity was an ace of the First World War who distinguished himself on the Macedonian front.", "scientist    entity was a Franco-Luxembourgish physicist and inventor, and Nobel laureate in physics for his method of reproducing colours photographically based on the phenomenon of interference.", "scientist    entity is a French physicist. He won the 1908 Nobel Prize in Physics \"for his method of reproducing colors in photography, based on the phenomenon of interference\". Its discovery allows the integral reconstruction of all the wavelengths reflected by an object.", "album    entity is a collection by The Hives released in 2001, featuring tracks from their first two albums and the A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T EP. It was released by Alan McGee's Poptones record label, which was licensed the band's songs by Burning Heart Records. The decision to release such a compilation was made with the intention of achieving mainstream success in the UK and other territories. The album was featured in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.", "album    entity is an album by The Hives, it is the best-of of the band's first two albums.", "vice president    entity is a Chinese state-owned multinational automotive design and manufacturing company headquartered in Shanghai, China. A Fortune Global 100 company and one of the \"Big Four\" state-owned Chinese automakers , the company had the largest production volume of any Chinese automaker in 2014, making more than 4.5 million vehicles. Its manufacturing mix is not wholly consumer offerings, however, with as many as one million SAIC passenger vehicles being commercial vans. As of 2021, SAIC is the second largest Chinese automaker and the twelfth-largest worldwide by production.", "vice president    entity is one of the largest Chinese car manufacturers. The SAIC group is present through various joint ventures with foreign manufacturers in the automotive, industrial and heavy vehicle and automotive components sectors: SAIC owns the brands: Roewe Nanjing Automobile which owns the sports car brand MGLes", "village    entity is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher in the Center region. Its inhabitants are called the Huisselloises and the Huissellois.", "prefecture    is a county lying in the northeastern Fujian province, People's Republic of China. It is under the administration of Ningde City and is located in the southwest part of the municipality. It is also known as \"the town of the former worthy\", as Zhu Xi, a famous Chinese scholar once lived there. It is also known as Kutien or Kucheng.", "prefecture    entity is an administrative district of Fujian Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Ningde.", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association . He is a nine-time NBA All-Star and earned the NBA Most Valuable Player Award for the 2016\u201317 season. He is also a nine-time All-NBA Team member, led the league in scoring in 2014\u201315 and 2016\u201317, and won back-to-back NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player awards in 2015 and 2016. In 2017, the year he won the league MVP award, Westbrook became one of two players in NBA history to average a triple-double for a season, along with Oscar Robertson in 1962. He also set a record for the most triple-doubles in a season, with 42. He went on to average a triple-double the following two seasons as well as lead the league in assists and be", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Oklahoma City Thunder team.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles that was released in February 1967 as a double A-side single with \"Strawberry Fields Forever\". It was written primarily by Paul McCartney and credited to the Lennon\u2013McCartney songwriting partnership. The lyrics refer to Penny Lane, a street in Liverpool, and make mention of the sights and characters that McCartney recalled from his upbringing in the city.", "album    entity is a Beatles song, written by Paul McCartney but credited to Lennon/McCartney. Recorded between December 1966 and January 1967, it is the second song \u2014 after Strawberry Fields Forever \u2014 that the Beatles recorded for their next album, which does not yet bear a name but which will become Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.", "soccer manager    entity is a French retired professional football defender.", "soccer manager    entity is a French footballer born March 9, 1957 in Marseille in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne. He played as a central defender or right defender from the mid-1970s to the beginning of the 1990s. He mainly played for OGC Nice with whom he was a finalist in the Coupe de France in 1978. He then became a players' agent for about twenty years old and takes care of Emmanuel Petit and Frank Leboeuf. From 2009 to 2011, he was sports director of Valenciennes FC.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin. It was released on 28 March 1973 by Atlantic Records. The album benefited from two band members installing studios at home, which allowed them to develop more sophisticated songs and arrangements and expand their musical style. Several songs subsequently became fixtures in the group's live set, including \"The Song Remains the Same\", \"The Rain Song\" and \"No Quarter\". Other material recorded at the sessions, including the title track, was shelved and released on the later albums Physical Graffiti and Coda. All instruments and vocals were provided by the band members Robert Plant , Jimmy Page , John Paul Jones , and John Bonham . The album was produced by Jimmy Page, and", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by Led Zeppelin, released on Atlantic Records in 1973. It contains the hits Over the Hills and Far Away, No Quarter, D'yer Mak'er and The Song Remains the Same. in 1972, this disc was not released until a year later for problems with the album cover.", "record label    entity is an American record label, founded in 1971 by David Geffen and partner Elliot Roberts. It was taken over by Warner Communications in 1972, and later merged with Elektra Records to become Elektra/entity. After various incarnations, it is currently geared primarily towards hip-hop, along with rock and alternative metal. It is owned and distributed by Warner Music Group.", "record label    entity is an American record label founded by David Geffen and Elliot Roberts in 1971. It is now owned by Warner Music Group and is mainly devoted to hip-hop music.", "album    entity is a French industrial metal band best known for their stage theatrics and innovative style of industrial/punk music. They describe their style as \"Fluo Cyber Punk\".", "album    entity is a French group from Toulouse who perform on the metal, gothic, electro and industrial scenes, in exuberant outfits, wearing fluorescent make-up covering their bodies entirely, and exhibiting a pronounced taste for the macabre and sex. .", "album    entity is the fifth single released by Ayumi Hamasaki on December 9, 1998. The single reached number nine on the weekly Oricon chart, becoming her third consecutive top-ten single in Japan. The single contains a B-side, \"Two of Us\", which was never released on an album. Both songs were featured in the PlayStation RPG Thousand Arms.", "album    entity is the title of four singles by Ayumi Hamasaki, released in various formats, with different content related to the same homonymous original song: the original Japanese mini-CD in 1998, a remix maxi 45 rpm vinyl record in 1999, a maxi-CD re-release in 2001, and a European maxi-CD release attributed to Ayu in 2004.", "village    entity is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France about 25 miles from Colmar.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Vosges department in the Lorraine region. Its inhabitants are called Fraxiniens.", "village    entity is a market town and civil parish in the East Midlands region of England. It lies on the River Nene, 60 miles north-west of London and 50 miles south-east of Birmingham. As the county town of Northamptonshire, Northampton is the largest settlement within the unitary authority of West Northamptonshire. Northampton is one of the largest towns in England; it had a population of 212,100 at the 2011 census .", "village    entity is a town in entityshire in the East Midlands, England situated on the north bank of the River Nene. It has approximately 194,458 inhabitants, its district is made up of approximately 200,100 inhabitants. The city is located 108 km north of London and 80 km south-east of Birmingham. Little remains of entity d before 1675, the city having been destroyed that year by a fire.", "album    entity is the seventh and final studio album by hip hop group Run-D.M.C., released on April 3, 2001 by Arista Records. It's the first and only Run-D.M.C. album with a Parental Advisory label, though previous Run-D.M.C albums, such as the 1986 Raising Hell, had included explicit lyrics. All songs but the title track featured guest artists, including Fred Durst, Stephan Jenkins, Sugar Ray, Everlast, Kid Rock, Nas, Prodigy, Fat Joe and Method Man. entity peaked at number 37 on the US Billboard 200, and number 22 on the Top R&B/Hip Hop Albums chart.", "album    entity is Run\u2013DMC's seventh studio album, released on April 3, 2001. The album charted at number 22 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and number 37 on the Billboard 200.", "album    entity is the third album by American rock band Jefferson Starship. Released in 1976, a year after the chart-topping Red Octopus, it quickly scaled the charts, peaking for six consecutive weeks at No. 3 in Billboard and attaining a RIAA platinum certification. The album features writing contributions from members of singer Marty Balin's former band Bodacious DF, as well as Jesse Barish, who became one of Balin's frequent collaborators. Stereo and quadraphonic mixes of the album were released. \"Song to the Sun\" was included in the 1977 Laserock program.", "album    entity is a Jefferson Starship album released in 1976. It was the band's first album without violinist Papa John Creach.", "album    entity was released in 2018. They disbanded in 2019; Allen died in 2020.", "album    entity is the album by the unnamed British alternative rock band created by Damon Albarn. This album was released on January 22, 2007 - published by Parlophone - in England. It is in a sense a concept album, since its songs are all about modern life in London. Damon Albarn described it as \"a song cycle that's also a thriller about London\" in an interview for Mojo magazine.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played eight seasons in the National Hockey League between 1989 and 1997. After leaving the NHL he spent several years in Europe, retiring in 2008.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is the second studio album by the American electronic musician Dan Deacon. It was released on March 24, 2009.", "album    entity is an album by American musician Dan Deacon, released on March 24, 2009 by Carpark Records. In an interview on NPR on April 22, 2009, Dan Deacon confirms that the word 'entity' has no other meaning than being the title of the album.", "screen writer    entity is a description of his life during the Armenian genocide and the Operation Nemesis.", "screen writer    entity is known to be one of the assassins of Said Halim Pasha and Djemal Azmi , as part of acts of revenge by the Armenian Revolutionary Federation.", "instrumentalist    entity is credited with popularizing the One Drop rhythm.", "instrumentalist    Carlton Barrett Drummer for Bob Marley and The Wailers since 1969. Along with his brother Aston \"Family man\", Carly co-wrote \"Talkin' Blues\" and has appeared on all Wailers albums since.", "screen writer    entity was an American film and television director known for social dramas and action/suspense films. Among his credits were Birdman of Alcatraz , The Manchurian Candidate , Seven Days in May , The Train , Seconds , Grand Prix , French Connection II , Black Sunday , Ronin , and Reindeer Games .", "screen writer    entity was an American director.", "tennis player    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender, currently playing for L\u00f8renskog of the Norwegian GET-ligaen.", "tennis player    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a goalkeeper.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional basketball player. He had a 13-year career in the American Basketball Association and National Basketball Association . Boone set a record for most consecutive games played in professional basketball history with 1,041 and claims to have never missed a game from when he started playing basketball in the fourth grade until his retirement. Boone is the current color commentator on Utah Jazz broadcasts.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former basketball player. He plays as a leader and a fullback. He was a commentator for Utah Jazz games for fifteen years.", "album    entity is the first full-length album by J-pop group Berryz Kobo. It was released on July 7, 2004. It was associated with the Hello!Project. The group Berryz Kobo had several other albums after this and also collaborated with the anime series Inazuma Eleven for their closing theme song.", "album    entity is the debut album by J-Pop band Berryz K\u014db\u014d.", "album    entity is Namie Amuro's 13th single under the Avex Trax label, released on July 7, 1999.", "album    entity is Namie Amuro's 12th regular single released on the Avex Trax label, or the 14th under her own name counting those released on the Toshiba-EMI label. It was released on July 7, 1999 in Japan, co-written and produced by Tetsuya Komuro, and reached No. 3 on the Oricon chart. It sold 121,970 copies in its first week, and remained ranked for 11 weeks, for a total of 272,110 sales. It was then his lowest sale of a single released under his own name.", "formula one team    entity was a British Formula One motor racing team. Founded in 1945 and based in the market town of Bourne in Lincolnshire, it participated from 1951 to 1977, competing in 197 grands prix and winning seventeen. BRM won the constructors' title in 1962 when its driver Graham Hill became world champion. In 1963, 1964, 1965 and 1971, BRM came second in the constructors' competition.", "formula one team    entity is a former British motorsport team, present in Formula 1 from 1951 to 1977.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 2 July 1950 at Reims-Gueux. It was race 6 of 7 in the 1950 World Championship of Drivers. The 64-lap race was won by Alfa Romeo driver Juan Manuel Fangio after he started from pole position. His teammate Luigi Fagioli finished second and Peter Whitehead took third in a privateer Ferrari.", "formula one team    entity was the sixth round of the Formula 1 world championship.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on April 2, 1978, at Long Beach, California.", "formula one team    Results of the 1978 Formula 1 United States Grand Prix West held at the Long Beach Street Circuit on April 2, 1978.", "football match    entity is a Swedish former professional ice hockey defenceman.", "football match    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional baseball outfielder who is currently a free agent. He previously played in Major League Baseball for the Detroit Tigers, Florida / Miami Marlins, San Diego Padres, Atlanta Braves, Los Angeles Angels, Houston Astros, Seattle Mariners, New York Yankees, Chicago Cubs and New York Mets. He was the tenth overall pick in the 2005 MLB draft by the Tigers and debuted with them in 2007. With the Astros, he won the 2017 World Series.", "soccer manager    entity is a Major League Baseball center fielder who plays for the San Diego Padres.", "album    entity is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga, taken from her second studio album, Born This Way . She also co-produced it with Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange. The track samples Queen's \"We Will Rock You\" and features electric guitar by Queen's Brian May. Gaga debuted entity in June 2010 during her performance at Elton John's White Tie and Tiara Ball. Footage of the performance appeared on the Internet, and positive response encouraged her to include the song on her setlist for The Monster Ball Tour. She later performed the song on Today to a record crowd in July 2010, and on The Oprah Winfrey Show in May 2011. On August 23, 2011, Interscope Records released the song as the fourth single from the album.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her third studio album Born This Way, written by Gaga and produced by Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange. Lady Gaga performed the song in public for the first time at the White Tie and Tiara Ball, and on July 7, 2010, Gaga announced that the song would be part of the track listing for her album Born This Way. Yo\u00fc and I was announced as a new single by Gaga herself on KAMP-FM radio.", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper and record producer. Following a large contribution to Odd Future's early work, Tyler released his debut solo mixtape, Bastard, in 2009. After releasing his debut studio album, Goblin, via XL Recordings in April 2011, he signed a joint deal with RED Distribution and Sony Music Entertainment for himself and his label, Odd Future Records. With his gritty, horrorcore-influenced earlier releases, Tyler was often criticized for his use of homophobic and misogynistic slurs in his lyrics. He released the albums Wolf and Cherry Bomb , the latter of which was considered to be a contrast from his previous releases as he experimented with melody-focused and jazz-fused sounds. Tyler's foll", "comics creator    entity is an American rapper, music producer, actor, designer, graphic designer and director, leader of the alternative hip-hop collective Odd Future .", "video game    entity is a combat strategy video game for multiple platforms where one or two players can compete in World War II action. The MS-DOS version of the game was only released to North America.", "video game    entity is a real-time strategy video game released in 1993 and runs on Mega Drive, Super Nintendo, DOS and MSX. The game was developed and published by Koei.", "sports league    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey team based in Karlstad. F\u00e4rjestad has had 20 Swedish Championship final appearances, winning nine times since the Swedish Hockey League was started in 1975, making them the most successful SHL club in history. The team plays in the highest Swedish league, and have done so since 1965. They and Bryn\u00e4s IF are the only two teams to have constantly played in the current top tier of Swedish hockey, the SHL, since it was started in 1975. They reached the SHL championship finals six years in a row between 2001\u20132006, winning the championship two times. They are featured rivals with Djurg\u00e5rdens IF, Fr\u00f6lunda HC, and HV71.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey club from Sweden, located in Karlstad, playing in the Elitserien.", "village    entity is a former commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune Bellevigne-les-Ch\u00e2teaux.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Maine-et-Loire in the Pays de la Loire region.", "soccer manager    entity is a Slovak professional ice hockey forward who plays as a center for HC Ocel\u00e1\u0159i T\u0159inec of the Czech Extraliga . He was selected by the New York Islanders in the 4th round of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, but he never played for the team. On June 26, 2011, the New York Islanders re-signed Marcinko to a one-year, two-way contract.", "soccer manager    entity is a Slovak professional ice hockey player. He is the son of Miroslav Marcinko.", "film    entity is a 1974 British thriller film directed by Robert Parrish. It stars Michael Caine, Anthony Quinn and James Mason. Set in France, the story concerns an American agent attempting to bring down a French drug baron by hiring an assassin who turns out to be an old friend. The highlight of the film is the competition between Lucienne in a Porsche 911S and Deray in an Alfa Romeo Montreal.", "film    entity is a British-American-French detective film by Robert Parrish released on September 4, 1974.", "basketball team    entity are an American professional basketball team based in San Francisco. The Warriors compete in the National Basketball Association , as a member of the league's Western Conference Pacific Division. Founded in 1946 in Philadelphia, the Warriors moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in 1962 and took the city's name, before changing its geographic moniker to Golden State in 1971. The club plays its home games at the Chase Center.", "basketball team    entity are a California NBA basketball franchise based in Oakland in the San Francisco Bay Area.", "comics creator    entity is a British audio producer/engineer best known for his work with The Cure, Siouxsie and the Banshees, and Manic Street Preachers. During his career, Hedges has worked with an eclectic roster of artists ranging from rock and pop acts such as U2, Dido, Travis, Texas, The Beautiful South, and Everything but the Girl, to cult-indie band The Cooper Temple Clause and classically orientated projects, The Priests and Sarah Brightman. His creative input and influence dramatically impacted the trajectories of bands such as The Cure, The Associates, Manic Street Preachers, and Travis.", "comics creator    entity is an English sound engineer and producer born in 1954. He began his career as an assistant at Morgan Studios in London in the late 1970s. entity is credited as a sound engineer on Three Imaginary Boys, the first The Cure album produced by Chris Parry. The Fiction label then entrusted him with the production of the album Seventeen Seconds in 1980, followed by Faith the following year.", "record label    entity was a record label founded in the United States by chairman Simon Waronker in 1955 with as president and Theodore Keep as chief engineer. It was reactivated in 2001 in the United Kingdom and had two previous revivals.", "record label    entity is an American record label.", "village    entity is a town in east-central Poland, located on the left bank of the Pilica river , with 11,035 inhabitants . It has been situated in Gr\u00f3jec County, in the Masovian Voivodeship, since 1999; previously it was in the Radom Voivodeship from 1975 to 1998. For the duration of the UEFA Euro 2012, entity hosted the Croatia national football team.", "village    entity is a Polish town in the Gr\u00f3jec County of the Masovian Voivodeship in central Poland. It is located about 60 kilometers south of Warsaw, the capital of Poland. It is the administrative seat of the gmina called gmina of entity.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opoczno, within Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of Opoczno, Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland .", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Scottish rock band Biffy Clyro, released 4 June 2007 \u2013 the album was later released in America in August. It is the band's first album since leaving Beggars Banquet . This album is notable for having somewhat more straightforward song structures and a more melodic overall sound than their previous work, while still retaining some more unusual elements.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Scottish alternative rock band Biffy Clyro, released on June 4, 2007, by 14th Floor Records for the UK and Roadrunner Records for the US.", "album    entity is the third single from British hip-hop artist Estelle's second album Shine. The song is an improvised cover of both Reggae performer Half Pint's \"Substitute Lover\" and George Michael's \"Faith\". The song is her second international single in Europe.", "album    entity is a single by British singer Estelle Swaray from her 2nd studio album Shine. The title is a sampling of the song Faith by George Michael and Substitute Lover by Lindon Roberts", "film    entity is a 1931 American pre-Code comedy-drama film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Adolphe Menjou and Pat O'Brien. Based on a 1928 Broadway play of the same name by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, the film was produced by Howard Hughes, written by Bartlett Cormack and Charles Lederer, and distributed by United Artists. The supporting cast includes Mary Brian, George E. Stone, Matt Moore, Edward Everett Horton and Walter Catlett. At the 4th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for Best Picture, Milestone for Best Director, and Menjou for Best Actor.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Lewis Milestone, released in 1931.", "grand prix    entity was the first time that the country had hosted the multi-sport event. Khalifa International Stadium was the main venue for the competition.", "grand prix    entity is the first time that these games have taken place in one of the Gulf countries.", "single    entity is the former Manager of the Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers of the Pacific Coast League and a former Major League Baseball shortstop, minor league manager, and major league third base coach.", "single    entity is a baseball player who played as a shortstop in the Major Leagues from 1992 to 1997. With the Milwaukee Brewers, Pat Listach was named the American League's Most Outstanding Rookie in 1992. Listach has been the Houston Astros' third baseman coach since the 2014 season.", "screen writer    entity is an American avant-garde artist, composer, musician, and film director whose work spans performance art, pop music, and multimedia projects. Initially trained in violin and sculpting, Anderson pursued a variety of performance art projects in New York during the 1970s, focusing particularly on language, technology, and visual imagery. She became more widely known outside the art world when her single \"O Superman\" reached number two on the UK singles chart in 1981. She also starred in and directed the 1986 concert film Home of the Brave.", "screen writer    entity is an American experimental artist and musician, known for her multimedia performances and the many musical albums she has produced.", "album    entity is a remix album by American R&B group Destiny's Child. Released in the United States on March 12, 2002 by Columbia Records, the album contains a blend of R&B and dance remixes from the band's previously released three albums Destiny's Child , The Writing's on the Wall and Survivor as well as solo material. The album's name is a self-explanatory message taken from the first track \"No, No, No Part 2\".", "album    entity is \u200b\u200ba remix album by American R'n'B band Destiny's Child. The album name is an explanatory message taken from the first track No, No, No Part 2 and is a collection of their remixes. The album consists of a mixture of R'n'B and dance remixes recorded between 1997 to 2002. The album was released on March 8, 2002 and reached number 29 on the US Billboard 200.", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Hautes-Alpes department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region.", "musical artist    entity was an American saxophonist, composer, and arranger. With a background in jazz, he was a member of James Brown's band in the 1960s, appearing on many of Brown's recordings and co-writing hits like \"Cold Sweat\" and \"Say It Loud \u2013 I'm Black and I'm Proud\". He also worked with Van Morrison.", "musical artist    entity is an American saxophonist, composer and arranger. In the 1960s, he was a member of James Brown's orchestra alongside Fred Wesley and Maceo Parker. He now lives in Frome. jazz", "soccer manager    entity is a Swedish-American former professional ice hockey defenceman who currently serves as assistant coach of the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League. He played several seasons in the NHL with the Hartford Whalers, Pittsburgh Penguins, New York Rangers, Detroit Red Wings, and Philadelphia Flyers. He was a two-time Stanley Cup champion as a member of the Penguins in 1991 and 1992 and is the first European-born player to have 2,000 career penalty minutes.", "soccer manager    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He is the father of Henrik Samuelsson. He has no family ties with Kjell Samuelsson, with whom he played in 1983-84 and then between 1992 and 1994. Junior World Champion in 1984 with the Swedish team, he also won the Stanley Cup twice with the Pittsburgh Penguins in 1991 and 1992.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by German band Scorpions, released by RCA Records in 1977. This was the first Scorpions album to feature drummer Herman Rarebell and the final studio album to feature guitarist Uli Jon Roth. Roth left the band in 1978 following the end of the album's tour, and was at first replaced by Michael Schenker and later by Matthias Jabs. The lyrics to \"We'll Burn the Sky\" were initially a poem written by Monika Dannemann, the last girlfriend of Jimi Hendrix, as a tribute to him after he died.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by German hard rock band Scorpions, released on December 4, 1977.", "album    entity is a song by Scottish DJ and record producer Calvin Harris, featuring Jordanian singer Ayah Marar. It was released on 2 August 2013 as the eighth and final single from Harris' third studio album, 18 Months . The song was written by Harris and Marar, who previously worked together on Harris's promotional single, \"Let Me Know\" and \"Flashback\" , the third single from his second studio album, Ready for the Weekend.", "album    entity is a song by British disc jockey Calvin Harris, released on July 15, 2013.", "village    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, populated by 65 inhabitants.", "album    entity is an American blues rock band formed in 1969 by former Jefferson Airplane members Jorma Kaukonen and Jack Casady . Although it has always been a fluid aggregation, with musicians coming and going over the years, the band's center has always been Kaukonen and Casady's ongoing collaboration.", "album    entity is an American band formed in 1969 by bassist Jack Casady and guitarist Jorma Kaukonen, both Jefferson Airplane musicians. Also featured Will Scarlett on harmonica, Papa John Creech on violin and Sammy Piazza on drums .Their music is close to blues and country.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Kra\u015bnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of Zakrz\u00f3wek, which lies approximately 11 kilometres east of Kra\u015bnik and 38 km south of the regional capital Lublin. The gmina covers an area of 99.08 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 6,935 .", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Kra \u015b nik County, Lublin, in eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of entity , which lies about 11 km east of Kra\u015bnik and 38 km south of the regional capital Lublin. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b99.08 km2 for a population of 6,935 inhabitants.", "film    entity is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Jerry Wald and Julius J. Epstein. It stars Joe E. Brown, and features Joan Blondell, with Beverly Roberts, Eric Blore, Craig Reynolds and Wini Shaw. It was released by Warner Bros. on May 30, 1936.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Lloyd Bacon and released in 1936.", "album    entity is a song by American R&B singer Usher, which he wrote with American songwriters Jermaine Dupri and Bryan-Michael Cox. The song was produced by Dupri and Cox for Usher's fourth studio album, Confessions . Originally planned as the album's lead single, entity was pushed back after favorable responses for the song \"Yeah!\". entity was released as the second single from the album on March 21, 2004.", "album    entity is the second single from Usher's Confessions album. This song is about the breakup between him and his ex-TLC girlfriend Chilli and the couple's relationship in general. This single is written by Usher and produced by Jermaine Dupri alongside Bryan-Michael Cox.Portail de la musique Portal de la musique \u2022 Chanson section", "musical artist    entity is now recognized as a master of the blues, particularly the Delta blues style.", "musical artist    entity was an American blues guitarist and singer. Although he started recording records only two years before his death, Robert Johnson became a legend and a great source of inspiration for artists like Jimi Hendrix, Jimmy Page, Bob Dylan, Brian Jones, Keith Richards or even Eric Clapton.", "state    entity is a state in the New England region of the United States. It is bordered by Massachusetts to the south, Vermont to the west, Maine and the Gulf of Maine to the east, and the Canadian province of Quebec to the north. Of the 50 U.S. states, entity is the fifth smallest by area and the tenth least populous, with slightly more than 1.3 million residents. Concord is the state capital, while Manchester is the largest city. entity's motto, \"Live Free or Die\", reflects its role in the American Revolutionary War; its nickname, \"The Granite State\", refers to its extensive granite formations and quarries. It is best known nationwide for holding the first primary in the U.S. presidential election cycle.", "state    entity is a state in the New England region of the Northeastern United States, bordered on the west by Vermont, on the north by Quebec, on the east by Maine and the Atlantic Ocean and south by Massachusetts. The name entity comes from the southern county of England, Hampshire. Among US states, entity ranks 44th in land area, 46th in total area, and 42nd in population.", "village    entity is a town in entity Township, Elkhart County, Indiana, United States. It is located approximately 35 miles east of South Bend, 130 miles east of Chicago, Illinois and 165 miles north of Indianapolis. entity is nestled in Northern Indiana's Amish country. As of the 2010 census, the town population was 3,420.", "village    entity is a town in Elkhart County, Indiana, United States.", "video game    entity is a video game first released for Commodore 64 personal computers in 1987; the title was developed and published by Palace Software, and ported to other computers in the following months. The developers licensed the game to Epyx, who published it as Death Sword in the United States. Barbarian is a fighting game that gives players control over sword-wielding barbarians. In the game's two-player mode, players pit their characters against each other. Barbarian also has a single-player mode, in which the player's barbarian braves a series of challenges set by an evil wizard to rescue a princess.", "video game    entity is a fighting video game developed by Palace Software and originally released in 1987 on the Commodore 64. The game was later ported to several other computers and its license was sold to Epyx who published it under the title Death Sword in the United States. -United. Barbarian is a fighting game in which two players control barbarians clashing with swords in an arena.", "screen writer    entity was an American film director, screenwriter, actor, and visual artist. He travelled widely, settling at various times in France, Mexico, and Ireland. Huston was a citizen of the U.S. by birth but renounced this to become an Irish citizen and resident in 1964. He later returned to the U.S., where he lived the rest of his life. He wrote the screenplays for most of the 37 feature films he directed, many of which are today considered classics: The Maltese Falcon , The Treasure of the Sierra Madre , The Asphalt Jungle , The African Queen , The Misfits , Fat City , The Man Who Would Be King and Prizzi's Honor .", "screen writer    entity is an American director and actor, born August 5, 1906 in Nevada, Missouri and died August 28, 1987 in Middletown, Rhode Island in the United States. After having been a boxer and actor, John Huston imposed in Hollywood as a screenwriter and dialogue writer and then as a director.", "school    entity is a public school in the town of Eton, near Windsor in Berkshire, England. It was founded in 1440 by Henry VI as \"Kynge's College of Our Ladye of Eton besyde Windesore\" as a sister institution to King's College, Cambridge, making it the 18th-oldest Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference school. Eton is particularly well-known for its history, wealth, and notable alumni.", "school    entity is a school for boys aged 13 to 18, founded in 1440 by King Henry VI of England, located in Eton in Berkshire opposite the town of Windsor, about forty kilometers west of London.", "soccer manager    entity is a Latvian professional ice hockey player. He plays Left Wing. He currently plays for of the Kazakhstani Championship.", "soccer manager    entity is a Latvian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a left winger.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at \u00d6sterreichring on 16 August 1981. It was the eleventh race of the 1981 Formula One World Championship. The 53-lap race was won by Frenchman Jacques Laffite, driving a Talbot Ligier-Matra. Compatriot Ren\u00e9 Arnoux finished second in a Renault, having started from pole position, with Brazilian Nelson Piquet third in a Brabham-Ford. Piquet moved to within six points of Drivers' Championship leader, Argentine Carlos Reutemann, who finished fifth in his Williams-Ford.", "formula one team    Results of the 1981 Formula 1 Austrian Motor Grand Prix held at the \u00d6sterreichring on August 16, 1981.", "album    entity is the third studio album by English rock band The Cure, released on 14 April 1981 by Fiction Records. The album saw the band continuing in the gloomy vein of their previous album Seventeen Seconds , which would conclude with their next album Pornography . Preceded by the single \"Primary\", the album was well-received by critics and was a commercial success in the UK, peaking at number fourteen on the UK Albums Chart and staying on the chart for eight weeks.", "album    entity is the third studio album by English band The Cure, released in 1981.", "building    entity is most commonly an enlarged natural or artificial lake created using a dam to store fresh water. Reservoirs can be created in a number of ways, including controlling a watercourse that drains an existing body of water, interrupting a watercourse to form an embayment within it, through excavation, or building any number of retaining walls or levees.", "building    entity is a development on the surface of the ground accumulating runoff water from a watercourse with the help of a dam. These reservoirs have various uses, including: ensuring the availability of drinking water, regulating the flow of downstream rivers, allowing the installation of a hydroelectric power station.", "film    entity is an American television drama series based on the 2010 television film of the same name, which aired on the Lifetime network. The series stars Jennifer Love Hewitt, who starred in the film, though she plays a different character in a premise that is slightly different from the film. The series premiered on Sunday, April 8, 2012. Lifetime ordered an initial 10 episodes for the first season and on May 7, 2012, renewed the series for a second season of 15 episodes to air March 10, 2013. On November 1, 2013, Lifetime cancelled the series after two seasons.", "film    entity is an American television series in 25 42-minute episodes created by Suzanne Martin and developed by Jordan Budde, inspired by the television movie La Double Vie de Samantha broadcast on July 19, 2010 on Lifetime.", "album    entity is an American rock band from Agoura Hills, California. The band's current lineup comprises vocalist/rhythm guitarist/keyboardist Mike Shinoda, lead guitarist Brad Delson, bassist Dave Farrell, DJ/turntablist Joe Hahn and drummer Rob Bourdon, all of whom are founding members. Vocalists Mark Wakefield and Chester Bennington are former members of the band. Categorized as alternative rock, entity's earlier music spanned a fusion of heavy metal and hip hop, while their later music features more electronica and pop elements.", "album    entity is an alternative rock and nu metal band formed in 1996 in Agoura Hills, California, led by Chester Bennington, Mike Shinoda, Brad Delson, Dave Farrell, Rob Bourdon and Joe Hahn. It was propelled to the front of the world stage upon the release of his first album Hybrid Theory in 2000.", "soccer player    entity is a Luxembourg international footballer who plays club football for R.E. Virton, as a centre back.", "soccer player    entity is a Luxembourg international footballer, who plays as a defender.", "record label    entity was a Japanese rock band with influences spanning from surf rock to punk rock to enka.", "record label    entity is known only to the members of the group. On February 10, 2012 the group announced their separation through their website.", "video game    entity is a build automation tool for multi-language software development. It controls the development process in the tasks of compilation and packaging to testing, deployment, and publishing. Supported languages include Java , C/C++, and JavaScript. The other, if not the major function of entity is to collect statistical data about the usage of software libraries around the globe. entity is distributed as open-source software under the Apache License 2.0, and was first released in 2008.", "video game    entity is a production engine running on the Java platform. It allows you to build projects in Java, Scala, Groovy or even C++.entity combines the strengths of Apache Maven and Apache Ant: it combines the use of conventions like Maven with the flexibility of Ant to describe construction tasks, with strong consistency in the task programming interface.", "album    entity is a song by the British alternative rock supergroup The Good, the Bad & the Queen, made up of Damon Albarn, Paul Simonon, Simon Tong and Tony Allen and is the fourth track on their 2007 album The Good, the Bad & the Queen . Upon release, the single charted at #20, the only one of the band's three singles to reach the Top 20.", "album    entity is a song by Damon Albarn's alternative rock band The Good, the Bad and the Queen, and is the fourth track from their self-titled debut album. It was released in January 2007 as the band's second single.", "record label    entity is an American independent record label company founded by brothers Max and Sol Stanley Weiss in 1949. The early years of the company were dedicated to issuing recordings by jazz pianist Dave Brubeck, who was also one of its investors, but the label is known more for its recordings of comedian Lenny Bruce, jazz pianist Vince Guaraldi, the 1960s rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival, and Disco/R&B singer Sylvester.", "record label    entity is a record company founded in 1949 in San Francisco by brothers Max Weiss and Sol Weiss. It was bought in 1967 by Saul Zaentz.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Silverstone on 14 July 1973. It was race 9 of 15 in both the 1973 World Championship of Drivers and the 1973 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. Another notable drive came from James Hunt in his Hesketh Racing March, who ran fourth for most of the race and was part of a four-way battle for the lead between himself, Peterson, Denny Hulme and Peter Revson. American driver Revson took his first Grand Prix victory by 2.8 seconds from Peterson.", "formula one team    Results of the 1973 Formula 1 British Grand Prix held at Silverstone Circuit on July 14, 1973.", "village    entity is an arrondissement of France in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region. It has 191 communes. Its population is 150,238 , and its area is 2,904.9 km2 .", "village    entity is a French administrative division, located in the department of Sarthe and the Pays de la Loire region.", "album    entity is the ninth studio album by Joe Jackson, released in November 1988 by A&M Records. It is the soundtrack for the Francis Ford Coppola film entity: The Man and His Dream. The album earned Jackson a Grammy nomination for Best Album of Original Instrumental Background Score Written for a Motion Picture or TV.", "album    entity is an album by Joe Jackson, released in November 1988.", "album    entity is the 19th single by the Japanese girl idol group Berryz Kobo. It was released in Japan on March 11, 2009, and debuted at number 8 in the weekly Oricon singles chart.", "album    entity is the 19th single from Jpop group Berryz K\u014db\u014d.", "single    entity is a three-star military rank used in many countries. The rank traces its origins to the Middle Ages, where the title of lieutenant general was held by the second in command on the battlefield, who was normally subordinate to a captain general.", "single    Lieutenant-general is: a military rank in several armies; a high office in the French Old Regime.", "prefecture    entity is the city capital of V\u0129nh Ph\u00fac Province, in the Red River Delta region of northern Vietnam. The population is 76,650 people, the area is 50.87 km\u00b2. This city hosted 2012 Asian Men's Cup Volleyball Championship.", "prefecture    entity is the capital of V \u0129 nh Ph \u00fa c Province, located in the Red River Delta region of northern Vietnam . Its population is approximately 76,650. Its surface covers 50.87 km2.", "screen writer    entity is an American author of crime fiction. He has published numerous books, stories, articles, and reviews.", "screen writer    entity is an American writer, author of detective novels.", "single    entity is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball . He previously played for the Detroit Tigers, Arizona Diamondbacks, and Toronto Blue Jays. Ray was an MLB All-Star in 2017 and won the American League Cy Young Award in 2021, when he led the league in earned run average and strikeouts.", "single    entity is a left-handed pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks of Major League Baseball.", "noble    entity is a person who conquers.", "noble    entity is an American film by Dick Powell released in 1956. The film was a commercial failure, and was marked by the contamination of many actors and technicians because of the shooting which took place near a site of US military nuclear testing.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susiec, within Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres west of Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski and 95 km south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 712.", "village    entity is a village in the gmina of Susiec, Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, located in eastern Poland.", "journalist    entity was a leading Tunisian politician and journalist/editor. He was a powerful campaigner for human rights.", "journalist    entity was a Tunisian politician, human rights activist and publisher.", "album    entity is a song by American producer and rapper Timbaland, released as the fifth and final single from his second studio album Shock Value . The song features vocals from American singer and songwriter Keri Hilson and the lead singer of the Pussycat Dolls Nicole Scherzinger. Mosley and Hilson co-wrote the song with American producer Danja, who co-produced the song with Timbaland. Mosley Music Group, in association with Blackground Records and Interscope Records, serviced the song to mainstream radios in the United States on 2007.", "album    entity is a song by American producer, songwriter and rapper Timbaland, in collaboration with Keri Hilson and Nicole Scherzinger. It was released as the fifth and final single from his second studio album, Shock Value.", "prefecture    entity is the farthest west of the regions of Metropolitan France. It is covers about four-fifths of the territory of the historic province of entity. Its capital is Rennes. It is the only one of two Regions in Metropolitan France that does not contains of any Landlocked Departments, the other being Corsica.", "prefecture    entity is one of the 22 French regions of metropolitan France. Composed of the departments of C\u00f4tes-d'Armor, Finist\u00e8re, Ille-et-Vilaine and Morbihan.", "comics creator    entity is a piece of media which has been altered or contorted from its original state by adding, removing, and/or changing pieces of the item. A song, piece of artwork, book, video, poem, or photograph can all be remixes. The only characteristic of a remix is that it appropriates and changes other materials to create something new. Most commonly, remixes are a subset of audio mixing in music and song recordings. Songs may be remixed for a variety of reasons:", "comics creator    entity is \u200b\u200ba modified version of a piece, produced in the studio or sometimes live with audio editing techniques, generally intended for Disc jockeys for clubs. Remixes are often rarer than album or single and therefore of interest to collectors; they are also a way to sell more records.", "village    entity is a town on the west bank of the Middle Rhine in the Rhein-Hunsr\u00fcck-Kreis in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde Hunsr\u00fcck-Mittelrhein, whose seat is in Emmelshausen.", "village    entity is a town on the left bank of the Middle Rhine in the Land of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany opposite the town of entityshausen and very close to the famous Lorelei rock.", "screen writer    entity is the heroine of Philip Pullman's trilogy His Dark Materials. In His Dark Materials Lyra is a young girl who inhabits a universe parallel to our own. Brought up in the cloistered world of Jordan College, Oxford, she finds herself embroiled in a cosmic war between Lord Asriel on one side, and a deity figure known as The Authority and his Regent, Metatron, on the other. Lyra also features prominently in the subsequent trilogy The Book of Dust.", "screen writer    entity is a fictional character and the heroine of the Dark Worlds trilogy, by Philip Pullman.", "village    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Hautes-Alpes department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state in the southern central part of Australia. It covers some of the most arid parts of the country. With a total land area of 983,482 square kilometres , it is the fourth-largest of Australia's states and territories by area, and fifth-largest by population. It has a total of 1.77 million people, and its population is the second most highly centralised in Australia, after Western Australia, with more than 77 percent of entityns living in the capital, Adelaide, or its environs. Other population centres in the state are relatively small; Mount Gambier, the second-largest centre, has a population of 28,684.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a state of Australia located in the center of the southern part of the main island. It occupies some of the most desert regions of the island and with an area of \u200b\u200b984,377 square kilometres, it is the fourth largest state in Australia.", "soccer club    entity is a former American football tight end. He was drafted by the St. Louis Rams in the third round of the 2006 NFL Draft. He played college football at Southern California. He was also a member of the Arizona Cardinals, Washington Redskins and the Seattle Seahawks.", "soccer club    entity is an American football player.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradi\u0161te, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 964 people.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Veliko Gradi \u0161 te, district of Brani \u010d evo . At the 2011 census, it had 733 inhabitants.", "musical artist    entity is an American experimental electronic music producer, composer, singer and songwriter. He began releasing synth-based recordings in the mid-2000s, receiving initial acclaim for the 2009 compilation Rifts, and has subsequently explored varied approaches, styles and aesthetics, including sample-based composition, kitschy MIDI production and experimentation with musical clich\u00e9s.", "musical artist    entity is the recording name of experimental Brooklyn-based musician Daniel Lopatin, whose album Returnal was released by Editions Mego in June 2010.", "village    entity is the second-most populous city in Switzerland and the most populous city of Romandy, the French-speaking part of Switzerland. Situated where the Rh\u00f4ne exits Lake entity, it is the capital of the Republic and Canton of entity.", "village    entity is the capital of the canton of entity and the second most populous city in Switzerland, with 195,177 inhabitants in December 2013, in the canton of the same name with 480,000 inhabitants. Its metropolitan area forms a cross-border conurbation, \"Greater entity\", which extends over the canton of Vaud and the French departments of Ain and Haute-Savoie, for a total of 1,242,601 inhabitants.", "village    entity is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the Ardennes department in the Champagne-Ardenne region.", "album    entity is a song by Canadian rapper Drake from his second studio album Take Care . The song features Lil Wayne and was released as the album's sixth official single. It was released to radio stations on April 24, 2012. The song was nominated for the 55th Grammy Awards for Best Rap Performance, but lost to Niggas in Paris by Jay-Z and Kanye West.", "album    entity is a song by Canadian artist Drake from his second studio album Take Care. The song features American rapper Lil Wayne and was released as the album's fifth single on April 24, 2012.", "musical artist    entity was a German arranger, conductor, and composer best known for his work with Billie Holiday, Antonio Carlos Jobim, Frank Sinatra, Michael Brecker, and Diana Krall.", "musical artist    entity is a German composer, arranger and conductor. He was born on April 29, 1930 in Ratibor. He has distinguished himself in many musical fields ranging from classical music to variety music, including jazz, third stream, bossa nova, rhythm and blues and rock.", "village    entity is a city in northern Spain, the largest city in the province of Biscay and in the Basque Country as a whole. It is also the largest city proper in northern Spain. entity is the tenth largest city in Spain, with a population of 345,141 as of 2015. The entity metropolitan area has 1,037,847 inhabitants, making it one of the most populous metropolitan areas in northern Spain; with a population of 875,552 the comarca of Greater entity is the fifth-largest urban area in Spain. entity is also the main urban area in what is defined as the Greater Basque region.", "village    entity is a city in northern Spain of about 350,000 inhabitants, capital of the province of Biscay and of the comarca of Greater Bilbao. It is the most important city of the autonomous community of the Basque Country and the north of the Iberian Peninsula. It is the 10th largest city in Spain and one of its main economic centers.", "film    entity is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film starring Joe E. Brown and directed by Lloyd Bacon. It was produced by the First National Pictures and released by their parent Warner Brothers. The film was remade in 1954.", "film    entity is an American film directed by Lloyd Bacon and released in 1932.", "album    entity is the first live album by American heavy metal band Slipknot. The band recorded the two-disc album during a 2004\u201305 world tour that promoted their third studio album Vol. 3: . Released by Roadrunner Records on November 1, 2005, entity features tracks from Slipknot's first three studio albums: Slipknot, Iowa, and Vol. 3: . Many of the included tracks are rarely played live; \"Skin Ticket\" from the album Iowa was its first live performance. entity peaked in the top twenty in album sales for Austria and the United States, and was certified gold in the United States. Critical reception was generally positive, with Adrien Begrand of PopMatters calling it a \"very worthy live album\".", "album    entity is the debut live album by American heavy metal band Slipknot. This is a double-disc recorded during their world tour between 2004 and 2005 for the promotion of their third studio album Vol. 3: . Released by Roadrunner Records on November 1, 2005, 9.0 Live features songs from the band's first three albums: Slipknot, Iowa, and Vol. 3: .", "village    entity is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 1,297.", "village    entity is the county seat of Lincoln County, Kansas, United States.Kansas Portal Kansas Portal", "film    entity is a 1988 Italian-French drama film written and directed by Marco Bellocchio. It is a pagan film and shows the rituals of witches.", "film    entity is a Franco-Italian film directed by Marco Bellocchio, released in 1988.", "village    entity is a municipality of Almer\u00eda province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.", "village    entity is a municipality in the province of Almer\u00eda, Andalusia, Spain.", "village    entity is a commune in the Deux-S\u00e8vres department in western France.", "village    entity is a commune in the center-west of France located in the Deux-S\u00e8vres department in the Poitou-Charentes region.", "album    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica from their 1996 album Load, released on January 7, 1997. The song was written by James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, and Kirk Hammett. The song starts on a bass riff which develops into the main riff of the song. A single of entity was released in the United States. It included a live version of the song \"Ain't My Bitch\", which is also on the album Load. A music video also accompanied the song. The guitars and bass are both tuned to Eb.", "album    entity is a song by Metallica on their sixth album Load. The lyrics refer to people who dedicate their whole lives to earning money, until the day they realize that all the money earned is of no use. A second meaning refers to people who have spent their lives wishing rather than earning what they desire.", "album    entity is a song written and performed by the Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira. The song was released as the fourth single, although initially intended to be the first, from her multi-platinum album D\u00f3nde Est\u00e1n los Ladrones? and later from her acoustic performance of the song on the MTV show Unplugged . In the song, the singer expresses how she believes in nothing and nobody except her lover. The song references popular socially accepted or non-accepted norms such as herself, luck, Karl Marx, Jean-Paul Sartre, Mars and Venus, and Brian Weiss.", "album    entity is a song by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira.", "video game    entity is a platform video game developed by Digital Eclipse Software and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color. It was released in North America on October 4, 2000. The game follows the plot of the 1951 animated Disney film of the same name.", "video game    entity is a platform video game developed by the American company Digital Eclipse Software and released for Nintendo's Game Boy Color console in 2000. The game is inspired by the scenario of the 1951 Disney cartoon. video Video game portal Disney portal Disney portal", "album    entity is the fourth album from West Coast hip hop group Dilated Peoples. Following the mixed reviews from their 2004 album Neighborhood Watch, the group was able to reclaim some of their past acclaim with entity, but not on the level of their first two efforts The Platform and Expansion Team. The album's lead single, \"Back Again\", was not able to make a strong impact, partly due to MTV refusing to play the video, due to a scene in which Rakaa wears a bulletproof vest. Back Again also appears in the EA Sports videogame \"Fight Night Round 3\".", "album    entity is the Dilated Peoples' fourth studio album, released on February 21, 2006.", "musical artist    entity is a Jamaican reggae and dancehall artist.", "musical artist    entity is a reggae and rub-a-dub singer.", "soccer player    entity was an interwar Polish football player, forward of Cracovia and Polish National Team. He played two games for Poland. In Cracovia, played in 1935\u20131939. In 69 games during that time, he scored 54 goals. Korbas died on 2 October 1981 in Katowice.", "soccer player    entity was a Polish football player and manager.", "screen writer    entity was an American actor, producer, radio entertainer and vaudevillian. In a career spanning nine decades and continuing until his death, he appeared in more than 300 films, and was among the last surviving stars of the silent-film era. He was the top box-office attraction from 1939 to 1941, and one of the best-paid actors of that era. At the height of a career marked by declines and comebacks, Rooney performed the role of Andy Hardy in a series of 16 films in the 1930s and 1940s that epitomized mainstream America's self-image.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor, director, producer, screenwriter and composer.", "comedian    entity is an English singer/songwriter and poet. As lead singer of Happy Mondays, he was a leading figure in the Madchester cultural scene during the late 1980s and early 1990s. In 1993, he formed Black Grape with former Happy Mondays dancer Bez. He was the runner-up on the tenth series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!.", "comedian    entity is an English singer and songwriter, who rose to fame in the late 80s with the advent of the Madchester movement.", "album    entity is a song by American hip hop recording artists Eminem, Royce da 5'9\", Big Sean, Danny Brown, Dej Loaf and Trick Trick, featured on the 2014 Shady Records compilation album Shady XV. Produced by Statik Selektah and Eminem, it was recorded in Ferndale, Michigan, Oak Park, Michigan and Brooklyn, New York. The song was released as the fourth and final single from the album on November 11, 2014.", "album    entity is a song by American rappers Eminem, Royce da 5'9\", Big Sean, Danny Brown, Dej Loaf and Trick-Trick. It is the second single from Shady Records' compilation album, Shady XV. It was released November 11, 2014 on iTunes.", "sport    entity is the fifteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released on January 20, 1975 by Columbia Records. The album marked Dylan's return to Columbia Records after a two-album stint with Asylum Records. Dylan began recording the album in New York City in September 1974. In December, shortly before Columbia was due to release the album, Dylan abruptly re-recorded much of the material in a studio in Minneapolis. The final album contains five tracks recorded in New York and five from Minneapolis.", "sport    entity is the fifteenth studio album by American folk-rock singer-songwriter Bob Dylan.", "village    entity is a village in northeast Espiritu Santo, Sanma Province, Vanuatu. The name comes from the East Santo language and means \"wild kava\". The village is in a rain shadow, making it a relatively dry place with little malaria, and little water. In 2005, the British High Commission donated several water tanks to help the villagers have enough water to drink.", "village    entity is a village in the north of the island of Espiritu Santo belonging to the province of Sanma in Vanuatu. The name comes from the East Santo language and means \"wild kava.\" \"The land is the ancestral land of the last Chief Hinge. His five sons established villages in the surrounding area, which lies between Sara and Hog Harbour. The town has seen enormous growth in recent years due to Chief Silas Hinge, son by Hinge.", "comedian    entity is an American singer, songwriter, dancer, record producer, actor and graffiti artist. According to Billboard, Brown is one of the most influential and successful R&B singers ever, with several considering him the \"King of R&B\" alongside Usher and R. Kelly. His musical style has been defined as polyhedric, with his R&B being characterized by several influences from other genres, mainly hip hop and pop music. His lyrics develop predominantly over themes of sex, lovesickness, regret, romantic love, fast life, desire, and the difficulty of managing emotions. Being described by media outlets and critics as one of the biggest talents of his time in urban music, Brown gained a cult following with wide comparisons to Michael Jackson for his stage prese", "comedian    entity is an American singer, dancer-choreographer, singer-songwriter, actor, rapper and director. Beginning singing and dancing at a young age, Brown signed with Jive Records in 2004, and released her self-titled debut album the following year.", "album    entity is the debut album by French singer-songwriter Tal released by Warner Music France. The album debuted at #7 in the SNEP official French Albums Chart before eventually peaking at #5 and reached #24 in the Belgian French Wallonia Album Charts. Three singles were released from the album, first \"On avance\" that reached #29 in France and #44 in Belgium, followed by \"Waya Waya\" featuring Sean Paul, and the biggest hit \"Le sens de la vie\" that reached #4 in France and #3 in the French Belgian charts.", "album    entity is the debut album by singer Tal released on March 19, 2012 under the Warner Music France label. The album ranks 7th in sales in France and 24th in Belgium.", "album    entity is a song written by Merle Haggard, Freddy Powers, Gary Church, and Tex Whitson. It was first recorded by Haggard on his 1981 album Big City and then covered by American country music artist George Jones in April 1983 as the second single from the album Shine On. The song was Jones' ninth and final number one on the country chart as a solo artist . The single stayed at number one for one week and spent thirteen weeks on the country chart.", "album    entity is a single written by Merle Haggard, Freddy Powers, Gary Church and Tex Whitson and recorded by George Jones in 1983. entity is George Jones' ninth solo single to to be #1 on the US country charts.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball player. He played his entire Major League Baseball career, which lasted from 1967 through 1983, with the Cincinnati Reds, primarily as a catcher. Bench was the leader of the Reds team known as the Big Red Machine that dominated the National League in the mid-1970s, winning six division titles, four National League pennants and two World Series championships.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former Major League Baseball catcher. He spent his entire career with the Cincinnati Reds and set several records for receivers. His career began on August 28, 1967 against the Philadelphia Phillies. A good receiver, he won the golden glove ten times in 17 seasons. He was also a gifted hitter, recording 100-plus RBIs six times in eight seasons.", "screen writer    entity is an American television sitcom set in the office and studio of a fictional late-night talk show. The series was created by Garry Shandling and Dennis Klein and aired from August 1992 to May 1998 on the HBO cable television network.", "screen writer    entity is an American television series in 89 episodes of 21 minutes, created by Dennis Klein and Garry Shandling and broadcast between August 15, 1992 and May 31, 1998 on HBO. In France, the series was broadcast from 1993 on Jimmy and rebroadcast from 1998 on Com\u00e9die!.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Sierpc, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina. The gmina covers an area of 150.23 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 7,141.", "village    entity is a rural gmina in entity County, Mazovia, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of entity, although it is not part of the territory of the gmina. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b150.23 km2 with a population of 7,141 inhabitants.", "musical artist    entity was a Jamaican pioneer DJ.", "musical artist    entity is known as one of the first DJs on the reggae scene.", "screen writer    entity is an American police procedural comedy-drama television series developed by Bill Lawrence and Blake McCormick that is based on the film of the same name. Similar to the films, the series follows Detective Carter, a radical LAPD detective, and Detective Lee, a by-the-book detective from Hong Kong, as they are forced into an unlikely partnership. CBS placed a series order on May 8, 2015. The show premiered on March 31, 2016.", "screen writer    entity is an American television series in thirteen 42-minute episodes created by Bill Lawrence and Blake McCormick and aired from March 31, 2016 to August 20, 2016 on the CBS network and simultaneously on Citytv in Canada. It is the adaptation of the entity film series.", "village    entity is a commune in the Cercle of Macina in the S\u00e9gou Region of Mali. The commune covers an area of about 647 square kilometers and contains 42 villages. In then 2009 census the commune had a population of 35,328. The administrative center of the commune is the village of Sarro.", "village    entity is a commune of Mali, in the circle of Macina and the region of S\u00e9gou.", "film    entity is a 1999 film written and directed by Mike Figgis. It tells the story of the sexual development of a filmmaker through three stages of his life, in a non-linear and disjointed manner. The film stars British actress Saffron Burrows, whom Figgis dated for several years.", "film    entity is a 1999 American-British film directed by Mike Figgis.", "actor    entity is a Swiss music producer and dance DJ. He is managed by Mevlan D.", "actor    entity is a Swiss DJ born in Zurich on August 21, 1981 known in France first thanks to his cover of Faithless in 2009 Insomnia with Jack Holiday, then in 2010 for Together Again and One Night in Ibiza in 2011 with Evelyn. came to prominence in Switzerland in 2008 with his hit 'La Serenada', number 1 in the clubs. In 2009, he decided to remix the Faithless hit 'Insomnia' with Jack Holiday.", "screen writer    entity is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer known for his action films and revival of the Western genre. He has directed such films as The Warriors, Hard Times, The Driver, Southern Comfort, 48 Hrs. and its sequel Another 48 Hrs., Streets of Fire, Red Heat, Last Man Standing, Undisputed, and Bullet to the Head, as well as writing the screenplay for the Jim Thompson crime drama The Getaway starring Steve McQueen and directed by Sam Peckinpah. He has also directed several episodes of television series such as Tales from the Crypt and Deadwood and produced the Alien films.", "screen writer    entity is an American producer, director and screenwriter, born January 10, 1942 in Long Beach, California.", "village    entity is a department in the \u00cele-de-France region in Northern France. Named after the rivers Seine and Marne, it is the region's largest department with an area of 5,915 square kilometres ; it roughly covers its eastern half. In 2016, it had a population of 1,397,665. Its prefecture is Melun, although both Meaux and Chelles have larger populations.", "village    entity is a French department in the \u00cele-de-France region. It takes its name from the Seine River and the Marne River. Insee and the Post Office assign it the code 77. Its population in 2011 according to the National Institute of Statistics and Economic Studies is 1,338,427 inhabitants. Its inhabitants are the Seine-et-Marnais.", "american football player    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey centre currently playing for HPK of the Liiga. Prior to playing in the KHL, Kontiola has also previously played in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks, the organization that drafted him 196th overall in the 2004 NHL Entry Draft.", "american football player    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Romanian singer Inna for her second studio album, I Am the Club Rocker . The song was released in late 2011 as the fourth single from the album. It was written and produced by Play & Win members Sebastian Barac, Radu Bolfea and Marcel Botezan. A flamenco-influenced mid-tempo club-ballad, entity features an acoustic and Spanish guitar in its instrumentation.", "album    entity is a song by Romanian artist Inna. It was released as the fourth single from his second studio album, titled I Am the Club Rocker, on November 25, 2011. The song was written and produced by Play & Win, the longtime producer and manager group of 'Inna. The singer unveiled the track on her YouTube channel, accompanied by a promotional clip including the titles Put Your Hands Up and WOW, two weeks before the release of the album. Since its publication", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by American rapper Kurupt, it was released on April 20, 2010.", "album    entity is Kurupt's sixth studio album, released on April 20, 2010. The album ranked #38 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.", "video game    entity is a Japanese erotic video game and the sequel of Prism Heart developed by Pajamas Soft. Its first release was on August 25, 2006. This work contains adult-only content of a sexual nature. An anime entitled Prism Ark began airing on Chiba TV, on October 8, 2007.", "video game    entity is a Japanese erotic video game developed by Pajamas Soft. It has been adapted into anime and manga under the title Prism Ark.", "volcano    entity is a novel of alternate history, fantasy and magic. It is the third book in the Bartimaeus trilogy, written by British author Jonathan Stroud. It was released in the United Kingdom in September 2005, and in the United States in December of the same year.", "volcano    entity is a fantasy novel written by Jonathan Stroud and published in 2005. It is the last part of The Bartimaeus Trilogy.", "village    entity is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.", "village    entity is a Brazilian city in the metropolitan mesoregion of Porto Alegre, capital of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, part of the microregion of Camaqu\u00e3 and located 55 km southwest of Porto Alegre. It is located at a latitude of 30o 17' 30\" south and at a longitude of 51o 18' 05\" west, at an altitude of 5 m. Its population was estimated at 11,478 in 2007, for an area of \u200b\u200b731 km2.", "screen writer    entity is an American superhero drama television series created by Tim Kring that appeared on NBC for four seasons from September 25, 2006, to February 8, 2010.", "screen writer    entity is an American television soap opera in 79 episodes of 42 minutes, created by Tim Kring and broadcast between September 25, 2006 and February 8, 2010 on the NBC network.", "comics creator    entity was an American Major League Baseball right fielder and manager, best known as the manager of the championship New York Yankees of the 1950s and later, the expansion New York Mets. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1966.", "comics creator    entity was a popular baseball player as well as a manager with the New York Yankees. He received the nickname \"Casey\" from Kansas City, Missouri, where he was born.", "video game    entity is a video game written by Michael Riedel for the Commodore 64 and published by First Star Software in 1984. A port for the Atari 8-bit family was released simultaneously. It is a two-player, split-screen game, based on Mad magazine's long-running cartoon strip entity, about the slapstick antics of two spies trying to kill each other with improbably elaborate traps and weapons.", "video game    entity is a video game published in 1984 by First Star Software. For two players in split screen, the game takes the spies from the comic book entity from Mad magazine. First released on Atari 8-bit, Commodore 64 and Apple II, it was then ported to Acorn Electron, Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, BBC Micro, Commodore 16, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, MSX, NES, Master System, Sharp X1 and ZX Spectrum.", "album    entity is an album, released 15 June 2009 in the UK and 10 November 2009 in the US, by Ray Davies and the Crouch End Festival Chorus. The album features new studio recordings of Ray Davies' compositions, all but one of which were originally recorded by his band The Kinks. The album entered the UK albums chart at #28 which was its peak position. It was re-released in the UK on 7 December 2009 as a special edition featuring Ray's Christmas single \"Postcard from London\", featuring Chrissie Hynde.", "album    entity is an album, released June 15, 2009 in the UK and November 10, 2009 in the US, by Ray Davies and the Crouch End Festival Chorus. The album features new studio recordings of Ray Davies' compositions, originally recorded with his band The Kinks, presented there in harmonic arrangements for choir and orchestra.", "soccer manager    entity is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Los Angeles Angels, San Diego Padres and Boston Red Sox.", "soccer manager    entity is a right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher playing with the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Ko\u015bcielny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Szczawin Ko\u015bcielny in Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "sport    entity is the fourth studio album by British rock band Uriah Heep, released 19 May 1972 by Bronze Records in the UK and Mercury Records in the US.", "sport    entity is the fourth studio album by British rock band Uriah Heep, released in May 1972 on Bronze Records.", "government agency    entity is an Iranian automaker headquartered in Tehran. The entityC was established in 1965 as with 75% Iranian ownership, to assemble Citro\u00ebns under license for the Iranian market. It changed its name into entity in 1975 when the Iranian state withdrew from the company. Its products in recent years have been mostly under-licensed Korean cars and its own engine and range of cars. The chief executive of entity is Javad Solaimani, predecessor of whom was Mohammadreza Soroush.", "government agency    entity is Iran's second-largest automaker, owned by the Ministry of Industry. The acronym stands for Iranian Automobile Production Limited Company. Before becoming Saipa in 1976, it was the Iranian subsidiary of Citro\u00ebn established in 1966.Saipa currently produces in partnership with Citro\u00ebn the Xantia from CKD, selling around 12,000 copies per year.", "old territory    entity was a state in Southeast and Central Europe that existed from 1918 until 1941. From 1918 to 1929, it was officially called the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes , but the term \"Yugoslavia\" was its colloquial name due to its origins. The official name of the state was changed to \"Kingdom of Yugoslavia\" by King Alexander I on 3 October 1929.", "old territory    entity is a former Balkan monarchy, ruled by the Kara \u0111 or \u0111 evi \u0107 family, which existed from the end of 1929 until World War II. It included the territories of the current states of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia , Kosovo, Montenegro and North Macedonia as well as most of the current republics of Slovenia and Croatia.", "single    entity is a former Major League Baseball utility infielder. Listed at 5' 10\", 195 lb., Harris batted left-handed and threw right-handed. He is best known for holding the record for the most pinch hits in a Major League career, with 212.", "single    entity is a former professional baseball player who played in Major League Baseball from 1988 to 2005.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by the English rock band Echo & the Bunnymen. The album saw the departure of bassist Les Pattinson from the group, partly due to disagreements with vocalist Ian McCulloch; McCulloch and the remaining band member, guitarist Will Sergeant, subsequently recorded the record with session musicians. The London Metropolitan Orchestra provided backing music and the American alternative hip hop band Fun Lovin' Criminals appeared as guest musicians on two tracks. The album was produced by Alan Douglas and Echo & the Bunnymen and it was recorded at various locations throughout England. Feeling sidelined during the recording of the album, Sergeant described it as \"probably the worst time in my whole life\".", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by British rock band Echo and the Bunnymen. The album marked the departure of the band's bassist, Les Pattinson. It was recorded by vocalist Ian McCulloch and guitarist Will Sergeant. Background music is played by the London Metropolitan Orchestra and the group Fun Lovin' Criminals appear in two songs. The album was produced by Alan Douglas and Echo & the Bunnymen and was recorded at various locations at t", "sports league    entity were an ice hockey team in the SM-liiga. They played in Espoo, Finland, at the Espoo Metro Areena. The club went bankrupt at the end of the 2015\u201316 Liiga season.", "sports league    entity is an ice hockey club from Finland, playing in the SM-liiga. The club, founded in 1984, is based in Espoo and plays its local matches at the L\u00e4nsiAuto Areena.", "skyscraper    entity is located in the Hidaka Mountains, Hokkaid\u8252, Japan.", "skyscraper    entity is a 1,627 m high mountain in the Hidaka Mountains in Hokkaid\u014d, Japan.", "single    entity was a Georgian artistic gymnast. She competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics, finishing within top 15 in all artistic gymnastics events, and winning one gold and one silver medal. She won seven national titles in the vault, in 1946, 1947 and 1951\u20131955. After retirement she worked as gymnastics coach. She died in Tbilisi in 2016, aged 90.", "single    entity was a Georgian Soviet gymnast.", "screen writer    entity was an American musician, television producer, writer and director. His best known work in television was as the creator of the television series Alias Smith and Jones, Battlestar Galactica, Buck Rogers in the 25th Century, Quincy, M.E., The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries, B. J. and the Bear, The Fall Guy, Magnum, P.I. and Knight Rider. In addition to his television work, Larson also was a member of the folk revival/satire group The Four Preps.", "screen writer    entity was an American television screenwriter and producer. Larson sang in the vocal group The Four Preps during the 1950s. He then worked as a screenwriter. During the 1970s and 1980s, he created and produced television series, including Quincy, Galactica, The Falling Man, and K 2000.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres north-west of Zakrzew, 16 km north-west of Radom, and 82 km south of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Zakrzew in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by the English blues rock band, Ten Years After, which was released in 1974. Shortly after the release of this album, the band broke up. The album peaked at #81 in the US Billboard 200 chart.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by British blues rock band Ten Years After, released in April 1974. The band broke up the same year. The album charted at No. 81 in the United States.", "village    entity is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Glacier County, Montana, United States. The population was 363 on the 2010 United States Census. The Great Northern Railway platted the community of Midvale in the 1890s. The town name was eventually changed to Glacier Park and officially became entity in 1949.", "village    entity is a village located in Glacier County, Montana, United States. The population was 396 individuals at the 2000 census.", "noble    entity is an officer of high rank in the armies, and in some nations' air forces, space forces, or marines. In some usages the term \"general officer\" refers to a rank above colonel. The term general is used in two ways: as the generic title for all grades of general officer and as a specific rank. It originates in the 16th century, as a shortening of captain general, which rank was taken from Middle French capitaine g\u00e9n\u00e9ral.The adjective general had been affixed to officer designations since the late medieval period to indicate relative superiority or an extended jurisdiction.", "noble    entity is widely the best known with its military meaning, since Antiquity.", "village    entity is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a commune in the south-west of France located in the department of Charente-Maritime. Its inhabitants are called Broussiens and Broussiennes.", "album    entity is the second studio album by the Japanese girl group Kalafina released on 17 March 2010 under Sony Music Japan label.", "album    entity is Kalafina's second album, released under Sony Music Entertainment Japan on March 17, 2010 in Japan.", "video game    entity is a game engine developed by Epic Games, first showcased in the 1998 first-person shooter game Unreal. Initially developed for PC first-person shooters, it has since been used in a variety of genres of three-dimensional games and has seen adoption by other industries, most notably the film and television industry. Written in C++, the entity features a high degree of portability, supporting a wide range of desktop, mobile, console and virtual reality platforms.", "video game    entity is a computer video game engine developed by Epic Games and mainly oriented towards first-person shooters, although it tends to diversify. The main competitors of this engine are the id Tech, the Source engine or more recently the CryENGINE and the Frostbite Engine. entity integrates its scripting language suitable for high-level programming, UnrealScript.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American hip hop artist Talib Kweli. The album was released on August 21, 2007, by Blacksmith Records and Warner Bros. Records. The album features guest appearances from Res, Jean Grae, UGK, Raheem DeVaughn, Roy Ayers, Kanye West, Norah Jones, Coi Mattison, Lyfe Jennings, will.i.am, Sa-Ra, KRS-One, Musiq Soulchild, Strong Arm Steady, Sizzla, Justin Timberlake and Marsha Ambrosius.", "album    entity is Talib Kweli's fourth studio album, released on August 21, 2007.", "village    entity is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Haut-Rhin department, in the Alsace region. Its name means \"meadow with reeds\", \"die Au\" which can be translated as \" wet meadow\". It is a common name on both sides of the Rhine, especially in the plain.", "village    entity is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina \u015arem, within \u015arem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres north-east of \u015arem and 30 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144.", "village    entity is a locality in the Gmina of \u015a rem in the county of \u015a rem in the Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "comics creator    entity is famous for his work on Bronze Age sites around the Mediterranean, such as Tiryns and Hisarlik , where he continued Heinrich Schliemann's excavations. Like Schliemann, D\u00f6rpfeld was an advocate of the historical reality of places mentioned in the works of Homer. While the details of his claims regarding locations mentioned in Homer's writings are not considered accurate by later archaeologists, his fundamental idea that they correspond to real places is accepted. Thus, his work greatly contributed to not only scientific techniques and study of these hist", "comics creator    entity was a German architect, best known for his contributions to Mycenaean and Classical archaeology.", "sea    entity is a 1984 Japanese anime film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki, based on his 1982 manga. It was animated by Topcraft for Tokuma Shoten and Hakuhodo, and distributed by the Toei Company. Joe Hisaishi, in his first collaboration with Miyazaki, composed the score. The film stars the voices of Sumi Shimamoto, Goro Naya, Yoji Matsuda, Yoshiko Sakakibara and Iemasa Kayumi. Taking place in a future post-apocalyptic world, the film tells the story of Nausica\u00e4 , the young princess of the Valley of the Wind. She becomes embroiled in a struggle with Tolmekia, a kingdom that tries to use an ancient weapon to eradicate a jungle full of giant mutant insects.", "sea    entity is a Japanese animated film directed by Hayao Miyazaki and released in Japanese theaters on March 11, 1984. It is the adaptation of his eponymous manga published between February 1982 and March 1994 in the magazine japanese Animage monthly.", "village    entity is a village situated in Mionica municipality in Serbia.", "village    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Mionica, Kolubara district. At the 2011 census, it had 236 inhabitants.", "vice president    entity is a military school and grande \u00e9cole training line officers in the French Air and Space Force. It is located at Salon-de-Provence Air Base in Salon-de-Provence, France.", "vice president    entity is a military school training officers of the French Air Force.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999 as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Pu\u0142tusk, which lies 54 kilometres north of Warsaw. The county covers an area of 828.63 square kilometres . As of 2019 its total population is 51,862, out of which the population of Pu\u0142tusk is 19,432 and the rural population is 32,430.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a county belonging to the Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "video game    entity is an arcade-style Formula One racing video game developed and manufactured by Sega for the Sega Genesis and Mega Drive, Master System, and the Game Gear in 1992. It is a follow-up to Super Monaco GP. The game was also endorsed by, and had technical input from, the then-Formula One champion Ayrton Senna. Gameplay includes a World Championship season, along with a three-race \"Senna GP\" mode.", "video game    entity is a racing video game released in 1992 and runs on Mega Drive, Master System and Game Gear. The game was developed and published by Sega. It follows the Super Monaco GP title from which it takes up the list of circuits.", "soccer player    entity is an Argentine-Bolivian football defender and a football manager.", "soccer player    entity is a former soccer player and now a coach born on February 15, 1965 in Santa Fe.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "village    entity is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina . It is located in Konjic Municipality and Herzegovina -Neretva Canton , Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .", "single    entity is an Ecuadorian athlete specialising in the sprinting events. She won two medals at the 2014 World Junior Championships. Earlier she competed at the 2013 World Championships in the 100 metres without qualifying for the semifinals. In addition, she has won multiple medals on regional level.", "single    entity is an Ecuadorian sprint specialist.", "musical artist    entity was a fusion of hip hop, R&B, reggae, dancehall, blues, jazz, soul and world. Known for their 2005 hit single \"Big City Life\", they won the Sopot International Song Festival in 2006.", "musical artist    entity is \u200b\u200ban English duo composed of Marlon Roudette and Preetesh Hirji. Their music is a mixture of rap, soul, reggae. The name of the group refers to the expression \"Matter fixed\" meaning \"Problem fixed\", in a patois from the island of Saint-Vincent-et-les-Grenadines. entity organized a campaign in support of people suffering from the civil war in Darfur.", "military conflict    entity is a 1944 war film made by Warner Brothers, directed by Michael Curtiz. The screenplay was by Casey Robinson and from the novel Sans Patrie by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall. The music score was by Max Steiner and the cinematography was by James Wong Howe.", "military conflict    entity is an American film directed by Michael Curtiz and released in 1944.", "album    entity is a song by French duo Daft Punk, released in October 2001 as the fourth single from their second studio album Discovery. A live version of entity was released as a single from the album Alive 2007 on 15 October 2007. This version won a Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording in 2009. In October 2011, NME placed it at number 132 on its list \"150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years\".", "album    entity is a track by French electronic music group Daft Punk. Released on October 13, 2001, it is the fourth Single from the album Discovery, and also the 4th track.", "album    entity is Japanese pop/R&B singer-songwriter Hikaru Utada's first English language compilation album, released on November 24, 2010, the same day as Utada Hikaru Single Collection Vol. 2. The album is a \"best of\" album featuring her more prominent and popular songs from her English career as Utada.", "album    entity is a compilation album by Utada, released in 2010.", "album    entity is an album by American country music artist George Jones and features duets with Melba Montgomery and Judy Lynn, released in 1964 on the United Artists Records. Jones and Montgomery had scored a number one country hit with the duet \"We Must Have Been Out Of Our Minds\" in 1963 and released the album What's In Our Heart the same year. Jones and Montgomery popularized the male-female country singer genre throughout the decade. Lynn, a former beauty queen who had joined a nationwide tour of Grand Ole Opry performers as a teenager, sings on three of the tracks.", "album    entity is a collaborative album between American country music artists George Jones, Melba Montgomery and Judy Lynn. This album was released in 1964 on the United Artists Records label.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gosty\u0144 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres south of Piaski, 6 km south-east of Gosty\u0144, and 63 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Piaski in Gosty\u0144 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "album    entity is an American musician, predominantly a guitarist. The entity discography currently includes 329 studio albums , 1 live album, 4 special releases, 1 extended play, 5 demo tapes, 3 solo DVD video releases, 2 DVD video releases with Cornbugs, 3 music videos, 7 unreleased albums , 3 solo videography releases, and 16 videography releases with other artists.", "album    entity is Buckethead's 29th studio album. It refers to the Michael Jackson movie, \u201cCaptain EO\u201d. The album was first released digitally only on October 20, 2010 and later in its CD version on November 29, 2010.", "screen writer    entity is an American actor and film producer. He is best known for playing the title character from Sam Raimi's Spider-Man trilogy . His other films include Pleasantville , Ride with the Devil , The Cider House Rules , Wonder Boys , Seabiscuit , The Good German , Brothers , and The Great Gatsby .", "screen writer    entity is an American actor.", "musical artist    entity is an English singer-songwriter and musician best known for being the bass guitarist and one of the founding members of the English rock band Def Leppard. Savage and lead singer Joe Elliott are the only two remaining original members of the band. The two of them, plus drummer Rick Allen, are also the only members of the band who have performed on every album.", "musical artist    entity is the bass player and one of the founders of the hard rock band Def Leppard since 1977. He was a professional footballer with the club Sheffield United, although he is a fervent supporter of the enemy club, Sheffield Wednesday.Portail du football Portail du football Rock Portal Rock Portal Yorkshire Portal Yorkshire Portal", "album    entity is a song by Queen, from the album Made in Heaven, released in 1995 after Freddie Mercury's death in 1991. It was written after the Innuendo sessions, inspired as Mercury was staring out the windows of various places in Montreux and wrote in the Duck House. The song has a psychedelic, dreamy feel, and describes what Mercury saw outside the windows.", "album    entity is a song by Queen, written by Freddie Mercury. It was released in December 1995 and is the second single from the album Made in Heaven.", "sport    entity is the sixth studio album by Procol Harum. Released in 1973, it signalled a change of direction for the band. Guitarist Dave Ball, who had joined the band for their live album the previous year, left shortly after the photo shoot for the proposed album's cover, to be replaced by Mick Grabham. Grabham's head was superimposed on the front and back cover of the album on Ball's body. Although the band had gone through significant personnel changes in previous years, the band would enter its most stable phase with this lineup.", "sport    entity is the sixth studio album by Procol Harum, released in 1973.", "soccer player    entity is a French former professional footballer who played as a midfielder. In his playing career, he played for Olympique Marseille and France at Euro 1992. Whilst at Marseille, he played in the victorious 1993 UEFA Champions League Final.", "soccer player    entity is a former French international footballer playing as a midfielder. Very good, even excellent technician and versatile, he adapts to all tactical schemes by playing as a playmaker, defensive midfielder or right-back defender. He reveals himself later on at the highest level in a register of torchbearer who can easily alternate offensive and defensive phases.", "village    entity is a commune in the Yvelines department in the \u00cele-de-France region in north-central France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Yvelines department in the \u00cele-de-France region.", "single    entity is a retired professional tennis player from Uruguay. P\u00e9rez turned pro in 1981, and won one ATP Tour singles and three doubles titles in his career, which lasted until 1995. He has the most singles wins for the Uruguay Davis Cup team .", "single    entity is a former Uruguayan tennis player, living in Barcelona.", "album    entity is a song by American band Maroon 5. It was released on June 22, 2010 by A&M Octone Records, as the lead single from their third studio album Hands All Over .", "album    entity is the lead single from Maroon 5's third album, Hands All Over.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American singer Toni Braxton, released on October 23, 2001, by Arista Records. Her first Christmas album, it is a follow-up to her 2000 studio album The Heat. entity consists of 11 tracks, featuring five R&B-led original songs co-penned with her former husband Keri Lewis and longtime collaborator Babyface, as well as several remixes and cover versions of Christmas standards and carols, one of which is a collaboration with Jamaican musician Shaggy. Throughout the creation process, Braxton also collaborated with L.A. Reid, Poke & Tone, Daryl Simmons and her younger sister Tamar Braxton.", "album    entity is the first Christmas album by American singer Toni Braxton, released on October 23, 2001.", "album    entity is a Swedish metalcore band from Gothenburg, formed in February 2007 by Pontus Hjelm and Jimmie Strimell. The current band lineup consists of Pontus Hjelm , Christopher Kristensen , Marcus Wessl\u00e9n and Marcus Rosell . Despite many line up changes throughout their career, both Marcus Wessl\u00e9n and Pontus Hjelm have remained consistent since their debut album.", "album    entity is a Swedish metalcore band from Gothenburg. The band consists of Christoffer \u201cStoffe\u201d Andersson, Marcus Wessl\u00e9n, Alex Svenningsson and Pontus Hjelm. He released his first album in May 2009. In 2010, the two guitarists, Pontus Hjelm and Johan Olsson, left the group.", "actor    entity is a French comedian. He is known for participating in Laurent Ruquier's sketch comedy show On n'demande qu'\u813f en rire.", "actor    entity is a French comedian. He became known by participating in the program On n'demande qu'en rire broadcast on France 2 and presented by Laurent Ruquier.", "album    entity is a Norwegian avant-garde metal band formed in 1991. Their name, which means \"Bear Guardian\", references the Behenian fixed star entity.", "album    entity is a Norwegian metal band. The group is initially oriented symphonic metal imbued with black metal touches, before evolving towards an avant-garde style of metal built around the keyboard of composer Steinar Sverd Johnsen. The themes of the lyrics are above all the cosmos and the supernatural. The members of the group separated in April 2007. The group however announces its reformation for the beginning of the year 2011 in order to participate in the American festival ProgPower.", "musical artist    entity is an American rock band formed in Jacksonville, Florida. The group originally formed as My Backyard in 1964 and comprised Ronnie Van Zant , Gary Rossington , Allen Collins , Larry Junstrom and Bob Burns . The band spent five years touring small venues under various names and with several lineup changes before deciding on \"entity\" in 1969. The band released its first album in 1973, having settled on a lineup that included bassist Leon Wilkeson, keyboardist Billy Powell and guitarist Ed King. Burns left and was replaced by Artimus Pyle in 1974. King left in 1975 and was replaced by Steve Gaines in 1976. At the height of their fame in the 1970s, the band popularized the Southern r", "musical artist    entity is an American rock band formed in Jacksonville, Florida in 1964. He was one of the founders of Southern rock in the 1970s, a style of rock influenced by country music and blues from the southern United States. Originally formed in 1964 as \"My Backyard\" before becoming \"The Noble Five\" and later \"One Percent\", it took until 1970 for entity to become the official and definitive name.", "album    entity is an album by American musician Frank Zappa, released in October 1984 by Barking Pumpkin Records.", "album    entity is a rock album by Frank Zappa released in October 1984. It was Frank Zappa's last studio album with a rock band. Them and Us is marked by the presence of Steve Vai who signs the solos of Ya Hozna, Stevie's Spanking and the rewriting of Sinister Footwear II and Marqueson's Chicken.", "screen writer    entity is an American former professional baseball infielder and currently works as a special assistant to the Pittsburgh Pirates. He played in Major League Baseball for the Montreal Expos/Washington Nationals, Colorado Rockies, Cleveland Indians, Los Angeles Dodgers, Minnesota Twins and Kansas City Royals. He was primarily a second baseman but also spent some time at third base and shortstop.", "screen writer    entity is an American baseball player who plays in Major League Baseball. This infielder is used as a second baseman as well as a shortstop or third baseman. He is currently under contract with the Washington Nationals.", "album    entity was an alternative country music group from Belleville, Illinois, active between 1987 and 1994. Jay Farrar, Jeff Tweedy, and Mike Heidorn formed the band after the lead singer of their previous band, The Primitives, left to attend college. The trio recorded three albums for Rockville Records, before signing with Sire Records and expanding to a five-piece. Shortly after the release of the band's major label debut album Anodyne, Farrar announced his decision to leave the band due to a soured relationship with his co-songwriter Tweedy. entity split on May 1, 1994, after completing a farewell tour. Following the breakup, Farrar formed Son Volt with Heidorn, while the remaining members continued as Wilco.", "album    entity is an American alternative country band formed in 1987 by Jay Farrar, Jeff Tweedy, and Mike Heidorn. They were active until 1994.", "disease    entity is the second studio album by American death metal band The Black Dahlia Murder. Released through Metal Blade Records on July 12, 2005, entity is the only album to feature drummer Zach Gibson, who replaced founding member and drummer, Cory Grady, as well as being the last with bassist David Lock. Gibson also left the band the following year after the release of the album and was replaced by Shannon Lucas, formerly of All That Remains.", "disease    entity is an album by American band The Black Dahlia Murder released July 12, 2005 on Metal Blade Records. It was mixed by Eric Rachel and Andreas Magnusson at Trax East studios in the US state of New Jersey.", "album    entity is the fifth and final studio album by Gym Class Heroes. It was released through Decaydance Records, Warner Bros. Records and Fueled by Ramen on November 15, 2011. It serves as a sequel to the second album The Papercut Chronicles . The album has sold 88,000 copies in the United States.", "album    entity is the Gym Class Heroes' fourth studio album, released on November 15, 2011. The album ranked #10 on Top Rap Albums, #23 on Top Digital Albums, and #54 on the Billboard 200.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race on 25 August 2013 at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Spa, Belgium. It was the eleventh round of the 2013 season, and the 69th running of the Belgian Grand Prix. The race was won by Sebastian Vettel in a Red Bull-Renault in a time of 1:23:42, registering an average speed of 220.80 km/h, thus extending his championship lead to 46 points. Second was Fernando Alonso in a Ferrari, and third was Lewis Hamilton in a Mercedes.", "formula one team    entity is the 889th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian former professional ice hockey defenceman. He spent 11 seasons in the National Hockey League with several teams.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player turned coach.", "album    entity is a compilation album by Canadian-American musician Neil Young, originally released in 1977 as a triple album, now available on two compact discs. It contains 35 of Young's songs recorded between 1966 and 1976, among them five tracks that had been unreleased up to that point. It peaked at No. 43 on the Billboard Top Pop Albums chart, and was certified platinum by the RIAA in 1986.", "album    entity is Neil Young's first anthology released in the form of a triple vinyl album in 1977. It is a compilation covering the period from 1966 to 1976 and comprising 35 tracks including 6 previously unreleased tracks. The album is produced and directed by Young himself.", "cricketer    entity is an Egyptian former footballer who played as a midfielder for the Egyptian national team. He took part in the 1962 Africa Cup of Nations, and was the tournament's joint top scorer. He also represented his country in the 1964 Summer Olympics.", "cricketer    entity was an Egyptian footballer. He played as a midfielder from the end of the 1950s to the end of the 1960s. He played with the Egyptian team in the 1962 African Cup of Nations and the 1964 Olympic Games.", "album    entity is a 1997 compilation album by Elvis Costello, spanning the years 1989\u20131997. The collection contains one exclusive track, \"The Bridge I Burned.\" Costello had originally recorded a cover of Prince's \"Pop Life\" for inclusion, but Prince denied him permission to release it. As a response, Costello wrote \"The Bridge I Burned,\" using a similar arrangement to what he had intended to use for Prince's song. Early editions of the album had a digital glitch on the song \"My Dark Life\" which Costello performed and produced with Brian Eno.", "album    entity is a compilation album by Elvis Costello released on October 21, 1997, covering the period of his career from 1989 to 1997.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles originally released as the B-side of the single \"Let It Be\" on 6 March 1970. Although first issued with their final single , it was recorded in four separate sessions beginning with three in May and June 1967, with one final recording session conducted in April 1969. The song features a saxophone part played by Brian Jones of the Rolling Stones.", "album    entity is a Beatles song, composed by John Lennon. Although the first recordings began in 1967, it was not released until much later, as the B-side of their last English single, Let It Be, on March 6, 1970.", "video game    entity is a 1985 first-person shooter computer game created by Lucasfilm Games. It was originally released for the Atari 8-bit family and the Atari 5200 games console. It was also ported to other popular platforms of the day, such as the Apple II, ZX Spectrum , Amstrad CPC, Tandy Color Computer 3 and Commodore 64. The game was one of the first two products from the fledgling Lucasfilm Computer Division Games Group led by Peter Langston. David Fox was the project leader and designer. Music was mainly composed by Charlie Kellner.", "video game    entity is a first-person action video game developed by Lucasfilm Games. Initially released on the Atari 5200 and Atari 8-bit in March 1984, the game was later released on Amstrad CPC, Apple II, Commodore 64, TRS-80 and ZX Spectrum. The game takes place on an alien planet known as Fractalus.", "screen writer    entity is best remembered for directing the Julie Andrews musical Mary Poppins , for which Andrews won the Academy Award for Best Actress and Stevenson was nominated for Best Director. His other Disney films include the first two Herbie films, The Love Bug and Herbie Rides Again , as well as Bedknobs and Broomsticks . Three of his films featured English actor David Tomlinso", "screen writer    entity is a British producer, director and screenwriter.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres east of Rawicz and 89 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144.", "village    entity is a village in the gmina of Rawicz in Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at the Scandinavian Raceway, Anderstorp on 17 June 1973. It was race 7 of 15 in both the 1973 World Championship of Drivers and the 1973 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The 80-lap race was won by McLaren driver Denny Hulme after he started from sixth position. Ronnie Peterson finished second for the Lotus team and Tyrrell driver Fran\u00e7ois Cevert came in third.", "formula one team    Results of the 1973 Formula 1 Swedish Grand Prix held at the Scandinavian circuit at Anderstorp near J\u00f6nk\u00f6ping on June 17, 1973.", "military unit    entity was a major unit of the German Wehrmacht. Formed in late 1940 in the further expansion of the German army it was committed to the campaign against Russian, and spent 3 years on the eastern front. The division was finally trapped in the Crimea and destroyed in the spring of 1944.", "military unit    entity was one of the infantry divisions of the Wehrmacht during World War II.", "single    entity was an American professional baseball third baseman. He played seventeen seasons in Major League Baseball between 1962 and 1978 for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Los Angeles Dodgers, Montreal Expos, Cincinnati Reds, and Boston Red Sox.", "single    entity was born October 13, 1942 in Long Beach, California and was a third baseman in Major League Baseball from 1962 to 1978. In a career spanning 17 seasons, Bailey posted a .257 batting average with 189 homers and 773 RBI in 1,931 games. At the Montreal Expos, he wore number 3.Baseball Portal Baseball Portal United States Portal United States Portal", "film    entity is a 1934 American pre-Code comedy short film starring Laurel and Hardy.", "film    entity is an American comedy film by Charley Rogers featuring Laurel and Hardy, released in 1934.", "city    entity is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 10,247. The county seat is Pinedale. It is a sparsely populated rural county in western Wyoming, along the Green River.", "city    entity is a county in the state of Wyoming with its seat in Pinedale. According to the 2010 census, its population is 10,247. Wyoming Portal Wyoming Portal", "village    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.Its inhabitants are called the Lusignanais and Lusignanaises.", "village    entity is a commune in the south-west of France, located in the department of Lot-et-Garonne. Its inhabitants are called Lusignanais and Lusignanaises.", "record label    entity was an American record label founded by Barry Kobrin at the site of his company, Important Record Distributors in metro New York. Relativity released music that covers a wide variety of musical genres. When it entered into a deal with Sony Music Entertainment, it became more known for its metal and hip-hop releases.", "record label    entity is a music label.", "ice hockey league    entity is a professional ice hockey league in Eurasia, and the second highest level of Russian hockey. There will be 34 teams from 4 nations participating in the 2019\u201320 season.", "ice hockey league    entity is a Eurasian ice hockey league whose level is one level lower than the KHL.", "actor    entity is a Swedish recording artist. She rose to fame as the winner of Idol 2005, the second season of the Swedish Idol series. She was then signed to Sony Music, through which she released her self-titled debut album, Agnes, and follow-up, Stronger, both of which topped the Swedish Top 60 Albums Chart. In early 2008, it was announced that Agnes had parted ways with her record label, and was now signed to small independent label Roxy Recordings. Released on 28 October 2008, her third album, Dance Love Pop, reached number five in Sweden, 70 in Austria, 38 in France, 45 in Switzerland and 13 in the United Kingdom. With 200,000 albums sold worldwide this is her most successful album, 50,000 albums were sold in France, 40,000 in", "actor    entity is a Swedish pop and dance singer, winner of the second season of the show Idol in 2005. After this victory, she signed a contract with Sony Music and released her debut album: Agnes and followed with Stronger which made it to the Top 60 albums.", "album    entity was an American thrash metal band from Huntington Park, California. The band was formed in 1981 by guitarists Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman, drummer Dave Lombardo, and bassist and vocalist Tom Araya. entity's fast and aggressive musical style made them one of the \"big four\" bands of thrash metal, alongside Metallica, Megadeth, and Anthrax. entity's final lineup comprised King, Araya, drummer Paul Bostaph and guitarist Gary Holt . Drummer Jon Dette was also a member of the band.", "album    entity is an American thrash metal band from Huntington Park, California. The band was formed in 1981 by guitarists Jeff Hanneman and Kerry King. entity are known as one of the leading bands of the thrash metal movement, with the 1986 release of Reign in Blood, named \"the greatest heavy album of all time with Metallica's Master of Puppets\" by Kerrang.", "album    entity is a two-disc posthumous live album by the Jimi Hendrix Experience. It documents the group's performance at the Oakland Coliseum in Oakland, California, on April 27, 1969. The Experience broke up two months later, making the album one of the last full-length concert recordings of the trio to be officially issued.", "album    entity is an album by Jimi Hendrix released in 1998.", "village    entity is a commune in the Ard\u00e8che department in southern France. It lies on the river Doux.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Ard\u00e8che in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "soccer player    entity is a former Costa Rican footballer.", "soccer player    entity is a Costa Rican international football player, who played as a defender.", "album    entity is the eleventh studio album by American rapper LL Cool J, released on April 11, 2006 by his label Def Jam Recordings. It includes collaborations with Jennifer Lopez, Pharrell, Juelz Santana, Teairra Mari, Jamie Foxx, Ginuwine, Mary J. Blige, 112, Mary Mary, Ryan Toby and Freeway.", "album    entity is the eleventh studio album by LL Cool J, released on April 11, 2006. The album ranked 4th on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 6th on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on May 18, 2006.", "screen writer    entity was an Indian female rights activist, bandit and politician from the Samajwadi Party who later served as Member of Parliament.", "screen writer    entity is an Indian parliamentarian born August 10, 1963 in Uttar Pradesh in Gorha Ka Purwa, and died July 25, 2001 in New Delhi.", "album    entity is a song on English rock band Pink Floyd's eleventh album, The Wall . It was released as a single in 1980, with \"Hey You\" as the B-side. The music was composed by guitarist David Gilmour, and the lyrics were written by bassist Roger Waters.", "album    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd which appeared on the album The Wall released in September 1979. It was also released as a single with Hey You from the same album as the B side. entity is one of three songs credited by David Gilmour and Roger Waters on The Wall. Indeed, the music was more composed by Gilmour \u2014 then Waters added some notes \u2014 and the lyrics are by Waters alone.", "musical artist    entity is an American drummer known primarily for his session work. He was characterized by Bob Dylan biographer Howard Sounes as \"the leading session drummer in America\".", "musical artist    entity is a renowned drummer, who has collaborated with many artists.", "airline    entity was the national airline based in Trinidad and Tobago. At the end of operations, BWIA was the largest airline operating out of the Caribbean, with direct service to the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. Its main base was Piarco International Airport , Piarco, with major hubs at Grantley Adams International Airport and Cheddi Jagan International Airport during 2006. It was headquartered in the BWIA Administration Building in Piarco, Tunapuna\u2013Piarco on the island of Trinidad. The company slogan was Sharing our warmth with the world.", "airline    entity is \"B-wee\". It ceased operations on December 31, 2006 to be replaced by a new Trinidadian and British company, Caribbean Airlines.", "album    entity are an American rock band formed in Akron, Ohio, in 2001. The group consists of Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney . The duo began as an independent act, recording music in basements and self-producing their records, before they eventually emerged as one of the most popular garage rock artists during a second wave of the genre's revival in the 2000s. The band's raw blues rock sound draws heavily from Auerbach's blues influences, including Junior Kimbrough, R.L. Burnside, Howlin' Wolf, and Robert Johnson.", "album    entity are an American blues rock band from Akron, Ohio. The band consists of vocalist and guitarist Dan Auerbach and drummer Patrick Carney.", "album    entity is a song by Canadian singer Avril Lavigne from her fourth studio album, Goodbye Lullaby . The song was released on September 9, 2011, by RCA Records as the third and final single from the album. entity was written by Lavigne along with the song's producers Max Martin and Shellback. According to Lavigne, the song shows her vulnerable side. Critical reception toward the song was positive, with critics praising it as a highlight on the album.", "album    entity is a song by Canadian artist Avril Lavigne, taken from her fourth studio album, Goodbye Lullaby. It is also the third single from the album Goodbye Lullaby, the first being What the Hell and the second Smile.", "album    entity is an American electronic dance music band from Northbrook, Illinois, United States, that formed in 2007. Their musical style has been mainly described as EDM, dance-rock, and dance-pop. However, entity's style has been influenced by a number of electronic sub genres, including progressive house, electro, dubstep, drum and bass, trap music and future bass.", "album    entity is an American Electronic Dance Music group from Chicago formed in 2007, but which debuted on June 8, 2010 when the members devoted themselves entirely to the group. It is made up of sisters Jahan and Yasmine Yousaf. Their debut EP, Play Hard, was released on June 18, 2012 exclusively on Beatport, followed by an iTunes release on June 26, 2012. Their debut album, Get Wet, was released on September 24, 2013 on iTunes.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krosno Odrza\u0144skie, within Krosno Odrza\u0144skie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany .", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of Krosno Odrza\u0144skie in Krosno Odrza\u0144skie County, Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American rock band Stone Sour, and is the first of two consecutive albums to feature the House of Gold & Bones concept. Its reprises are featured on the second House of Gold & Bones album, which was released in 2013. It is the first Stone Sour album without bass player Shawn Economaki, who left the band in 2012.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American alternative metal band Stone Sour, released on October 23, 2012 by Roadrunner Records. This is the first part of a double album, the second part of which will be released in early 2013.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the westernmost county of Croatia which includes the biggest part of the Istrian peninsula out of 3,160 km2 , or 89%). Administrative centers in the county are Pazin, Pula and Pore\u010d. entity is the most prominent Italian-speaking part of Croatia.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the westernmost county in Croatia. Its territory corresponds to most of the Istrian peninsula.", "album    entity is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Adele. It was written and produced by Adele and Dan Wilson for her second studio album, 21 . It is the second single and final track on the album. The song was inspired by a broken relationship with one's life partner, and lyrically speaks of Adele's coming to terms with it. XL Recordings released the song as the second single from the album on 24 January 2011 in the United Kingdom and on 9 August 2011 in the United States. Accompanied only by a piano in the song , Adele sings about the end of the relationship with her ex-partner.", "album    entity is a song by British singer Adele released in 2011.", "village    entity is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Aude in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called Villenovains.", "screen writer    entity was an Italian novelist and screenwriter best known for his films written in collaboration with Federico Fellini.", "screen writer    entity was an Italian screenwriter.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American rock band Talking Heads, released on October 8, 1980 by Sire Records. It was recorded at Compass Point Studios in the Bahamas and Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia between July and August 1980 and was their final album to be produced by Brian Eno.", "album    entity is the Talking Heads' fourth studio album, released on October 8, 1980.", "vice president    entity was an American recording engineer and producer for Atlantic Records. He was credited with innovating the multitrack recording method. Dowd worked on a veritable \"who's who\" of recordings that encompassed blues, jazz, pop, rock, and soul records.", "vice president    entity is known for his innovations in the field of multitrack recording.", "album    entity is a song by American rhythm and blues recording artist Fats Domino. It was written by Domino and Dave Bartholomew, and recorded on December 10, 1949. It is often cited as one of the first rock and roll records or at least a strong influence on the genre. This was a \"rollicking\" song, according to The Guardian \"but what made it a rocker was Fats\u2019s barrelling piano triplets, combined with a solid big beat\". The recording is one of four Fats Domino songs to have been named to the Grammy Hall of Fame. Domino received a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1987.", "album    entity is a rhythm and blues song co-written by Fats Domino and Dave Bartholomew and recorded by Fats Domino in December 1949. It is considered one of the first rock 'n' roll songs.", "album    entity is a song by American singer\u2013songwriter Alicia Keys. A soul and contemporary R&B ballad, it was written by Keys and Erika Rose and produced by Keys for her debut album, Songs in A Minor . The song was released as the album's second single in October 2001 following the worldwide success of her debut single earlier in the year.", "album    entity is the second single from American artist Alicia Keys' debut studio album. Produced by the latter, the title is the fruit of her collaboration with her friend Erika Rose. The single enjoyed much the same success as Fallin', particularly in the United States and New Zealand.", "prefecture    entity is a county of southern Hebei province, China. It is under the administration of Handan City, with a population of 250,000 residing in an area of 337 km2 .", "prefecture    entity is an administrative district of Hebei Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Handan.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grab\u00f3w, within \u0141\u0119czyca County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres south-east of Grab\u00f3w, 13 km north-west of \u0141\u0119czyca, and 47 km north-west of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of Grab\u00f3w, \u0141\u0119 Czyca County, \u0141 \u00f3 d \u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American rock band Monster Magnet, released in Europe in 1991 and in the United States the following year. The album represents one of the earliest examples of the emerging 1990s sub-genre of stoner rock. Though entity did not perform well commercially upon its initial release, the album was listed on Spin magazine's \"Ten Best Albums of the Year You Didn't Hear\" for 1991. The song \"Medicine\" was released as a single with accompanying music video.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American band Monster Magnet.", "formula one team    Grand Prix Bahrajnu 2014 se jela na okruhu Bahrain International Circuit nedaleko m\u011bsta v Bahrajnu dne 6. dubna 2014. Z\u00e1vod byl t\u0159et\u00edm v po\u0159ad\u00ed v sez\u00f3n\u011b 2014 \u0161ampion\u00e1tu Formule 1.", "formula one team    entity is the 900th Formula One World Championship event run since 1950 and the third round of the 2014 championship. To celebrate ten years of the Circuit international of Sakhir, the test is exceptionally contested at night. The Mercedes largely dominate all the practice sessions on the circuit of Sakhir.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula Two race held on 7 September 1952 at Monza. It was the eighth and final round of the 1952 World Championship of Drivers, in which each Grand Prix was run to Formula Two rules rather than the Formula One regulations normally used. The 80-lap race was won by Ferrari driver Alberto Ascari after he started from pole position. Jos\u00e9 Froil\u00e1n Gonz\u00e1lez finished second for the Maserati team and Ascari's teammate Luigi Villoresi came in third.", "formula one team    entity was the twenty-third round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950 and the eighth round of the 1952 championship.", "musical artist    entity is a stringed instrument with a thin membrane stretched over a frame or cavity to form a resonator. The membrane is typically circular, and usually made of plastic, or occasionally animal skin. Early forms of the instrument were fashioned by African-Americans in the United States. entity is frequently associated with folk and country music, and has also been used in some rock, pop and hip-hop. Several rock bands, such as the Eagles, Led Zeppelin, and The Allman Brothers, have used the five-string banjo in some of their songs. Historically, the banjo occupied a central place in Black American traditional music and the folk culture of rural whites before entering the mainstream via the minstrel shows of the 19th century. Along with the fiddle, the banjo is a mainstay of America", "musical artist    entity is a North American plucked string musical instrument. With its membrane soundboard, it is easily distinguished from the guitar. This instrument would be a derivative of the West African ekonting lute brought by black slaves and which would have prompted the creation of the first gourd-banjos. entity now represents a whole family of instruments.", "painter    entity was an Andalusian painter and illustrator known for his imaginative work and magical realism In his artistics beginnings, between 1949 and 1953, he was influenced by the American comic artist Alex Raymond, creator of Flash Gordon. The panel, he said, began his connection with artistic expression.", "painter    entity was an Andalusian painter and illustrator known for his work of imagination and magical realism, In his artistic beginnings, between 1949 and 1953, was influenced by the American comic artist Alex Raymond, creator of Flash Gordon. The ball, he says, signified his initial connection to artistic expression.", "screen writer    entity is a revision of his childhood nickname \"Little Psycho\". He died at his home in Hawthorne, California on December 5, 2016.", "screen writer    entity is Big Syke's third studio album, released on May 21, 2002.", "actor    entity is an American singer and actress from Columbia, South Carolina. Jordan rose to fame as a contestant on the first season of America's Got Talent in 2006 at the age of 14. After being eliminated from the show, she began to upload cover songs to YouTube, which received millions of views. The exposure led Jordan to the attention of Norwegian production team Stargate and American rapper Jay Z, who both went on to sign her to their joint label, StarRoc.", "actor    entity is an American singer born April 7, 1992 in Columbia, South Carolina.", "album    entity were a British rock band formed in Birmingham in 1963, by Spencer Davis , brothers Steve Winwood and Muff Winwood , and Pete York . Their best known songs include the UK number ones \"Somebody Help Me\" and \"Keep on Running\" , \"I'm a Man\" and \"Gimme Some Lovin'\", which reached #2 in the UK and #7 in the US.", "album    entity is a British rock band, originally from Birmingham, founded in 1963 by Spencer Davis with Stevie Winwood and his brother Muff.", "actor    entity is an American actress and musician. She frequently works with Christopher Guest and has appeared in several of his mockumentaries, such as Waiting for Guffman , Best in Show , A Mighty Wind , For Your Consideration , and Mascots . Posey is the recipient of a Golden Globe Award nomination, a Satellite Award nomination and two Independent Spirit Award nominations.", "actor    entity is an American actress born on November 8, 1968 in Baltimore, Maryland. She is best known for having starred in more than thirty fairly well-received independent films, which earned her the nickname \"Queen of the Indies\", but also appeared in mainstream films.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American band Scissor Sisters. It was released on June 28, 2010, and was preceded by the release of the lead single \"Fire with Fire\" on June 20.", "album    entity is the third studio album by American band Scissor Sisters, released by Universal Records in the United States or Polydor Records in the United Kingdom. The single Fire with Fire preceded the album's release on June 28, 2010.", "village    entity is a town in the municipality of \u0160abac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the town has a population of 2131 people. The village has a Serb ethnic majority.", "village    entity is a locality of Serbia located on the territory of the City of \u0160abac, district of Ma \u010d va.", "album    entity is an American hip hop group formed in Staten Island, New York City, in 1992. Its original members include RZA, GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Method Man, Raekwon, Ghostface Killah, Inspectah Deck, U-God, and Masta Killa. Close affiliate Cappadonna later became an official member. entity are regarded as a highly influential group in hip hop, helping to popularize and develop the East Coast hip hop and hardcore hip hop styles.", "album    entity is an American rap group. Its nine members hail from the New York neighborhoods of Staten Island and Brooklyn.", "musical artist    entity was an American rock and roll musician. Cochran's songs, such as \"Twenty Flight Rock\", \"Summertime Blues\", \"C'mon Everybody\", and \"Somethin' Else\", captured teenage frustration and desire in the mid-1950s and early 1960s. He experimented with multitrack recording, distortion techniques, and overdubbing even on his earliest singles. He played the guitar, piano, bass, and drums. His image as a sharply dressed and attractive young man with a rebellious attitude epitomized the stance of the 1950s rocker, and in death he achieved iconic status.", "musical artist    entity was an American rock 'n' roll singer.", "musical artist    entity is an English guitarist and songwriter. He was a founding member of Deep Purple in 1968, playing jam-style hard rock music that mixed guitar riffs and organ sounds. He is prolific in creating guitar riffs and classically influenced solos. During his solo career, Blackmore established the heavy metal band Rainbow, which fused baroque music influences and elements of hard rock. Rainbow steadily moved to catchy pop-style mainstream rock. He later formed the traditional folk rock project Blackmore's Night, transitioning to vocalist-centred sounds.", "musical artist    entity is a British guitarist.", "skyscraper    entity is a London Underground station on the Bakerloo line, located in the City of Westminster. It is between Paddington and Marylebone stations on the line and falls within Travelcard zone 1. The station is located on the north-east corner of the junction of entity, Harrow Road and Marylebone Road. It is adjacent to the Marylebone flyover. A separate station of the same name but served by the Circle, District and Hammersmith & City lines is nearby, to the south of Marylebone Road.", "skyscraper    entity is a London Underground station located on the Bakerloo line, between Paddington and Marylebone. & City Line, Circle Line and District Line.", "film    entity is a 1936 comedic feature film version of the opera entity by Michael William Balfe. Directed by James W. Horne and Charley Rogers, and it was produced at the Hal Roach Studios, and stars Laurel and Hardy, and Thelma Todd in her final film role. This was also the only appearance of Darla Hood in a full-length feature produced by Hal Roach.", "film    entity is a 1936 American comedy and musical film by James W. Horne and Charley Rogers.", "village    Suchawa est un village de la gmina de Wyryki, du powiat de W\u0142odawa, dans la vo\u00efvodie de Lublin, situ\u00e9 dans l'est de la Pologne. Il se situe \u00e0 environ 8 kilom\u00e8tres au sud de Wyryki , 11 kilom\u00e8tres au sud-ouest de W\u0142odawa et 6 kilom\u00e8tres au nord-est de Lublin .", "village    entity is a village in the Gmina of Wyryki, W\u0142 odawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, located in eastern Poland.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, near Spa, Ardennes, on 29 August. It was the 13th round of the 2010 Formula One World Championship and the 55th Belgian Grand Prix held as part of the Formula One World Championship. McLaren's Lewis Hamilton won the 44-lap race after starting from second position. Red Bull's Mark Webber was second ahead of Robert Kubica's third-placed Renault. It was Hamilton's first victory at Spa-Francorchamps, his third of the season and the 14th of his career.", "formula one team    entity is the fifty-fifth edition of the Grand Prix, the 833rd Formula One World Championship race run since 1950 and the thirteenth round of the championship 2010. The FIA \u200b\u200basked the organizers to make changes to improve the safety of the Grand Prix.", "album    entity is the debut album by rapper Beanie Sigel. It was released on February 29, 2000 to critical and commercial success. The LP sold 155,000 copies in its first week released. It reached #5 on The Billboard 200 and had 1 charting remotely popular single: \"Anything\". Beanie Sigel and his debut album were intensely hyped up after \"a few dazzling collaborations\" according to Matt Conaway of Allmusic and Conaway says that it \"is the culmination of that promise\".", "album    entity is Beanie Sigel's debut studio album, released on February 29, 2000.", "album    entity is a song by Canadian singer Avril Lavigne. It was written for Lavigne's 2007 album, The Best Damn Thing. It was co-written and produced by Butch Walker and released as the album's second single on 19 June 2007.", "album    entity is a song written and composed by Canadian singer Avril Lavigne, and produced by Butch Walker. She is featured in Lavigne's The Best Damn Thing studio album. It was co-written and produced with Walker, and released as the second single on June 19, 2007.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Amerie from her third studio album, Because I Love It . It was released as the album's lead single on October 17, 2006. The song was written by Cee-Lo Green, Mike Caren, and Amerie, and was produced by Caren, with additional production handled by Cee-Lo, Amerie, and Len Nicholson. entity contains excerpts from the 1970 song \"Jimmy, Renda-se\" by Brazilian musician Tom Z\u8305, and elements of the 1980 song \"You Make My Dreams\" by Hall & Oates.", "album    entity is a song by Amerie, and is the first single from her 2007 album Because I Love It. The song features Cee-Lo who co-wrote it, and was produced by Mike Caren .", "single    entity is a German-Finnish former racing driver who won the 2016 Formula One World Championship driving for Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport. The only child of Finnish 1982 F1 World Champion Keke Rosberg and his German wife Sina Rosberg, he was raised primarily in the Principality of Monaco.", "single    entity is a racing driver with dual Finnish and German nationality, racing under the German flag. He is the son of Finnish Formula 1 world champion Keke Rosberg. GP2 champion in 2005, he made his Formula 1 debut at the age of 20 in 2006 with the Williams team. After four seasons with the British team, he joined Mercedes in 2010.", "album    entity is the eighth studio album by American rapper Scarface. The album was released on March 7, 2006, by Rap-A-Lot Records, Asylum Records and Atlantic Records. It is the sequel to his 1998 collaborative album, My Homies. Released as a double album, entity was a commercial success, having made it to 12 on the Billboard 200.", "album    entity is Scarface's ninth studio album, released on March 7, 2006.", "album    entity is an American progressive metal band, formed in Hartford, Connecticut, in 1982 by vocalist John Arch, guitarists Jim Matheos and Victor Arduini, bassist Joe DiBiase, and drummer Steve Zimmerman. There have been numerous lineup changes over the course of their 39-year career, and Matheos is the only constant member. As of 2020, the band consists of Matheos, vocalist Ray Alder , bassist Joey Vera , drummer Bobby Jarzombek and guitarist Michael Abdow. entity also had a revolving cast of drummers and guitarists by the time Jarzombek and Abdow joined the band in 2007 and 2020 respectively.", "album    entity is an American progressive metal band from Hartford, Connecticut. Formed in 1982 by vocalist John Arch, guitarists Jim Matheos and Victor Arduini, bassist Joe DiBiase, and drummer Steve Zimmerman, entity made many changes to its line-up. From 1982 to 1996\u2014and temporarily in 2010\u2014Matheos and DiBiase were the only remaining original band members, along with Matheos.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by American singer Toni Braxton, released on November 18, 2002, by Arista Records. The album contained both hip hop and urban adult contemporary sounds, as well as some softer and more contemporary melodies. Throughout the project, Braxton worked with her sister Tamar and husband Keri Lewis on most of the songs, who had written and produced material for her previous album. She also worked with hip hop producers and rappers such as Irv Gotti, The Neptunes, Mannie Fresh and Loon, as well as Rodney \"Darkchild\" Jerkins, prot\u00e9g\u00e9 Big Bert and his domestic partner, singer Brandy.", "album    entity is the fourth album by American singer Toni Braxton, released on November 18, 2002.", "film    entity is a Japanese light novel series by Isao Miura, with illustrations by Luna. All 16 volumes have been published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J label. A manga adaptation by K\u014dtar\u014d Yamada started serialization in the seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive on March 27, 2009. The first tank\u014dbon was published June 23, 2009. A 12 episode anime adaptation by Manglobe studios aired from October 3, 2009 to December 19, 2009.", "film    entity is a light novel series written by Isao Miura with art by Luna. It was published between November 2007 and August 2013 by Media Factory and has been compiled into a total of sixteen volumes. The series tells the story of a young female knight, Cecily Cambell, wanting to get a katana, in a world where \"demonic pacts\" exist, and where demons are ravaging everything.", "album    entity is a posthumous compilation box set by Jimi Hendrix, released in France only by Castle Communications on November 20, 1989. The tracks included were originally broadcast as a six-hour radio show in the United States on September 2 and 3, 1988, and as such feature original narration. Live & Unreleased was released as a 5-LP set and a 3-CD set in the same year. Featuring rare songs and outtakes, some still not released through \"Experience Hendrix\"", "album    entity is a radio biography of Jimi Hendrix produced by Bruce Gary and supervised by Alan Douglas released as a triple album in 1989.", "single    entity was a Native Hawaiian competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. As a member of the second-place U.S. team in the men's 4\u00d7200-meter freestyle relay event, he won a silver medal with fellow Americans Frank Booth, George Fissler and Maiola Kalili, who was also his older brother. Individually, he also placed fourth overall in the men's 100-meter freestyle.", "single    entity was an American swimmer.", "album    entity is the solo debut single by American hip hop recording artist Snoop Doggy Dogg. It was released on October 10, 1993, as the first single from his debut album, Doggystyle, with the record labels Death Row Records, Interscope Records, and Atlantic Records. It was ranked number 456 on NME's \"500 Greatest Songs of All Time\".", "album    entity is the lead single from Snoop Doggy Dogg's debut studio album, Doggystyle.", "musical artist    entity is a musician, a lyricist, a composer and a conductor. He won the top prize of Conservatoire National de Musique de Paris for his absolute pitch technique. He became the music conductor in French TV show Nouvelle Star and he is now a judge in X Factor on M6 , next to V\u8305ronic DiCaire, Henry Padovani and Christophe Willem. His father is Jean Schultheis and his brother is Julien Schultheis.", "musical artist    entity is a musician, lyricist, composer and conductor born on April 29, 1965. He was the conductor of the Nouvelle Star television program and juror of the X Factor program on M6, alongside V\u00e9ronic DiCaire, Henry Padovani and Christophe Willem. He is musical director of The Voice seasons 1 and 2. His father is Jean Schultheis and his brother Julien Schultheis. His children are named Jules and Adrian. He composed Mozart, the rock opera", "musical artist    entity is an American music producer and musician from Rockville Centre, New York.", "musical artist    entity is an American producer and DJ, born January 4, 1983 in Rockville Center, Nassau County.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen for her third studio album, Emotion . It was written by Jepsen, Jacob Kasher Hindlin, Peter Svensson, and Steve DaMar; and produced by Svensson. The song was released as the album's lead single on 2 March 2015.", "album    entity is a song by Canadian singer Carly Rae Jepsen for her third studio album, Emotion. Launched on March 2, 2015, it was written by Jepsen, Jacob Kasher Hindlin and Peter Svensson, and produced by Svensson.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by American West Coast hip hop artist King Tee. It was released on March 28, 1995 via MCA Records, making it his first album on the label after his split with Capitol Records. Production was handled by several record producers, including DJ Pooh, Moe Love, TR Love, Grand Mixer DXT, E-Swift, DJ Broadway, Mark Sparks, Rashad, Thayod, Da Mic Profesah, Nikke Nicole, SLJ, and King Tee himself. It also features guest appearances from Xzibit, Breeze, and Tha Alkaholiks. The album spawned three singles: \"Dippin'\"/\"Duck\", \"Way Out There\"/\"Super Nigga\" and \"Free Style Ghetto\"/\"Let's Get It On\", but only \"Dippin'\" made it to Billboard charts, reaching number 46 on the Hot Rap Songs.", "album    entity is King Tee's fourth studio album, released on March 28, 1995.", "album    entity is the second and final studio album by English new wave band Tubeway Army, released in April 1979 by Beggars Banquet Records. It followed their self-titled debut from the previous year. After this, Tubeway Army frontman Gary Numan would continue to release records under his own name, though the musicians in Tubeway Army would continue to work with him for some time. entity was the first album of what Numan later termed the \"machine\" phase of his career, preceding The Pleasure Principle and Telekon, a collection linked by common themes of a dystopian science fiction future and transmutation of man/machine, coupled with an androgynous image and a synthetic rock sound.", "album    entity is Gary Numan's second album with Tubeway Army, recorded in 1979.", "military unit    entity was instituted by Adolf Hitler on 28 September 1941. It was awarded in two divisions: in gold for repeated acts of bravery or military leadership; and in silver for distinguished non-combat war service. The German Cross in Gold ranked higher than the Iron Cross First Class but below the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, while the German Cross in Silver ranked higher than the War Merit Cross First Class with Swords but below the Knight's Cross of the War Merit Cross with Swords.", "military unit    entity is a German military decoration of the Third Reich. It was created on September 28, 1941. In 1944 an additional class was created, the German cross in gold with brilliants, of which a few copies were made, but which was never awarded.", "album    entity is a song by English electronic music band Depeche Mode. Recorded in 1989, it was released as the second single from their seventh studio album, Violator , on 5 February 1990. The single is Gold certificated in the US and Germany. The song won Best British Single at the 1991 Brit Awards. entity was re-released as a single in 2004 for the Depeche Mode remix project Remixes 81\u201304, and was titled \"Enjoy the Silence \" or, more simply, \"\".", "album    entity is a song by Depeche Mode composed by Martin L. Gore and sung by Dave Gahan which appears on the album Violator. Preceding the release of this album by a month, it was released as a single by Mute Records on February 5, 1990, with Memphisto on the B side.", "soccer manager    entity is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman. Franz\u00e9n spent most of his career with AIK Hockey as their top defenceman. Having originally played for the team from 1988 to 1997, he moved to Germany's Deutsche Eishockey Liga with the K\u00f6lner Haie, but after one season he returned to AIK. In 2001, Franz\u00e9n moved to Switzerland's Nationalliga A with SC Bern where he spent two seasons. He then returned to the DEL, signing for the Hannover Scorpions. In 2004, Franz\u00e9n returned to Sweden with Djurg\u00e5rdens IF before retiring.", "soccer manager    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player.", "record label    entity is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group . Founded in 1956 by Norman Granz, the label is home to the world's largest jazz catalogue, which includes recordings by artists such as Ella Fitzgerald, Nina Simone, Stan Getz, Bill Evans, Billie Holiday, and Oscar Peterson, among others. It absorbed the catalogues of Granz's earlier labels, Clef Records, founded in 1946, Norgran Records, founded in 1953, and material previously licensed to Mercury Records.", "record label    entity is an American jazz label, founded by Norman Granz in 1956, which absorbed the catalogs of its two former labels: Norgran Records and Clef Records.", "village    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lubusz Voivodeship, western Poland, on the German border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is S\u0142ubice, which lies 63 km south-west of Gorz\u00f3w Wielkopolski and 79 km north-west of Zielona G\u00f3ra. The county contains three other towns: Rzepin, lying 19 km east of S\u0142ubice, O\u015bno Lubuskie, lying 25 km north-east of S\u0142ubice, and Cybinka, 24 km south-east of S\u0142ubice.", "village    entity is a county belonging to the Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.", "album    entity is a 1996 single by American R&B singer Mary J. Blige, from the soundtrack to the film Waiting to Exhale; the song is also featured on Blige's 1997 album, Share My World. It was written and produced by Babyface and became a major hit for Blige in the United States, where it peaked at numbers one and two on the Billboard Hot R&B Singles and Hot 100 charts, respectively. The single sold 1,000,000 copies domestically and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.", "album    entity is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige from the Waiting to Exhale: Original Soundtrack Album. She was released as a single on January 23, 1996 under the Arista Records label.", "village    entity is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6458 people living in 1132 individual households.", "village    entity is a village development committee in Nepal located in Nuwakot district. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 8,672.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by American hip hop band the Roots, released July 13, 2004 on Geffen Records. It is named after Malcolm Gladwell's book of the same name , and it serves as the follow-up to Phrenology . The album is a musical departure from their previous work, featuring a more diverse, yet pop-oriented sound, and it contains lyrics associated with rapping-prowess, political insight, and social commentary. entity has been noted by music writers for exhibiting and emphasizing soul, jazz, and funk influences as well. The song \"I Don't Care\" was featured on the soundtrack of the game Gran Turismo 4.", "album    entity is the sixth studio album by The Roots, released on July 13, 2004.", "soccer player    entity is a Finnish former ice hockey goaltender. Puurula was selected by the Montreal Canadiens in the 8th round of the 2000 NHL Entry Draft. Puurula made his SM-liiga debut playing with HPK during the 2000\u201301 SM-liiga season.", "soccer player    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who plays as a goalkeeper. Season 2016-2017 Hormadi in Division 1, the second level of French hockey.", "album    entity is a live album by Frank Zappa, posthumously released on October 1, 2008. It contains previously unreleased material from 1975. It is the fourth album in the \"Joe's Corsage\" series, which is devoted to various rarities compiled by Joe Travers for the Zappa Family Trust. This album contains material from a concert in Williamsburg on November 1, 1975 . It presents for the first time extensive recordings featuring vocalist and alto saxophonist Norma Jean Bell, who was only in Zappa's touring band for a brief period in late 1975.", "album    entity is a posthumous album by Frank Zappa released on October 1, 2008. It is the central part of the concert given on November 1, 1975 at the College of William and Mary, in Williamsburg, Virginia.", "village    entity is a district in the south of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Neighboring districts are Birkenfeld, Bad Kreuznach, Donnersbergkreis, Kaiserslautern, Saarpfalz and Sankt Wendel .", "village    entity is a district of Rhineland-Palatinate . Its capital is Kusel.", "album    entity is a song by the Japanese J-pop group Every Little Thing, released as their tenth single on September 30, 1998.", "album    entity is the tenth single from Every Little Thing.", "musical artist    entity is a Romanian-German musician, singer, songwriter, and producer. He gained worldwide fame as the founder and musician behind the German musical project Enigma, formed in 1990. Initially Cretu was identified as \"Curly\" or \"Curly M.C.\" in reference to his curly hair and cre\u021b meaning \"curly\" in Romanian. Enigma has sold an estimated 70 million albums worldwide, Cretu's management company Crocodile-Music stated that Cretu's produced recordings have sold 100 million copies worldwide.", "musical artist    entity is a Romanian naturalized German composer and producer of pop and dance music, born in Bucharest on May 18, 1957, known for being the creator of the Enigma musical project and the artistic director of Sandra's albums.", "record label    entity is a Spanish hotel chain which was founded by Gabriel Escarrer Juli\u00e1 in 1956 in Palma de Mallorca. The company is one of Spain's largest domestic operators of holiday resorts and the 17th biggest hotel chain worldwide. Domestically in Spain the company is the market leader in both resort and urban hotels. Currently the hotel chain operates 374 hotels in 40 countries on 4 continents under the brands Meli\u00e1, Gran Meli\u00e1, ME by Meli\u00e1, Paradisus, Innside by Meli\u00e1, TRYP by Wyndham, Sol Hotels and Club Meli\u00e1.", "record label    entity is a large network of hotels spread all over the world, the majority of which are in Spain and Latin America. They carry the brands Melia Hotels y Resorts, Grand Meli\u00e1 Hotels y Resorts, ME by Melia, Tryp, Innside by Melia, Sol Hotels, Sol Melia Vacation Club and Paradisus Resort. At the end of 2006, the Sol Melia chain employed more than 33,000 people.", "president    entity is still debated at home and abroad.", "president    entity was President of the Republic of Indonesia from 1967 to 1998. Soeharto was born in a small village near Yogyakarta, during the Dutch colonial era. His Javanese peasant parents divorced shortly after his birth, so he lived with foster parents for much of his childhood.", "album    entity is the third single from Shinedown's second album, Us and Them. It reached number 4 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart and number 28 on the U.S. Modern Rock chart.", "album    entity is Shinedown's seventh single released in 2005.", "island    entity is an Antarctic island in the Southern Ocean, part of the South Shetlands Archipelago, a group of Antarctic islands north of the Antarctic Peninsula. It was the first land discovered south of 60\u00b0 south latitude in 1819, a historic event that marked the end of a centuries-long pursuit of the mythical Terra Australis Incognita and the beginning of the exploration and utilization of real Antarctica. The name Livingston, although of unknown derivation, has been well established in international usage since the early 1820s.", "island    entity is the second largest island in the South Shetland Islands, north of Antarctica. Its length is 73 km in the east-west direction, and its area is 974 km2. It is located in the Southern Ocean between the Drake Passage and the Bransfield Strait, at a distance of 110 km northwest of the Antarctic Peninsula and 830 km south-south-east of Cape Horn. Its main summit, the Mountain of Tangra, is located in the south-east of the island and culminates at 1700 m.", "album    entity is the opening track, and introduces the story concept of the album. \"In the Flesh\" is the twenty-first song of the album, and is a reprise of the first with a choir, different verses and more extended instrumentation.", "album    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It was written by Roger Waters and appears on the album The Wall released in 1979.", "screen writer    entity is an Armenian-Canadian film and stage director, screenwriter, and producer. He was part of a loosely-affiliated group of filmmakers to emerge in the 1980s from Toronto known as the Toronto New Wave. Egoyan made his career breakthrough with Exotica , a film set primarily in and around the fictional Exotica strip club. Egoyan's most critically acclaimed film is the drama The Sweet Hereafter , for which he received two Academy Award nominations, and his biggest commercial success is the erotic thriller Chloe . Egoyan is widely considered to be one of the greatest filmmakers of his generation.", "screen writer    entity is a Canadian director, film producer and screenwriter of Armenian origin, born July 19, 1960 in Cairo, Egypt.", "record label    entity is a French independent record label based in Paris, specializing in electronic music, pop music, jazz and classical music.", "record label    entity is an independent French label founded in 1997 which produces classical music, jazz and popular music artists alike . traditional music labels, a film music label, a children's record label and an audiobook label. Acquired in 2000, the \"Opus 111\" label is now a trademark of entity", "military conflict    entity was a series of engagements of the Korean War that took place from 25 October to 4 November 1950 near Unsan, North Pyongan province in present-day North Korea. As part of the People's Republic of China's First Phase Campaign, the People's Volunteer Army made repeated attacks against the Republic of Korea Army 1st Infantry Division near Unsan beginning on 25 October, in an attempt to take advancing United Nations Command forces by surprise. In an accidental first encounter with the United States military, the PVA 39th Corps attacked the unprepared U.S. 8th Cavalry Regiment in Unsan on 1 November, resulting in", "military conflict    entity was a series of engagements during the Korean War, which took place from October 25, 1950 to November 4, 1950 around the town of Kuup-ri, which was the capital of the district of Unsan in the province of North Pyongan in North Korea.", "comics creator    entity was an American painter, sculptor, and printmaker associated with hard-edge painting, Color Field painting and minimalism. His works demonstrate unassuming techniques emphasizing line, color and form, similar to the work of John McLaughlin and Kenneth Noland. Kelly often employed bright colors. He lived and worked in Spencertown, New York.", "comics creator    entity is an American abstract painter and sculptor whose work can be related to the current of minimalism. He began studying art in New York in 1941. , which the war soon interrupts. Mobilized as a soldier in the US Army, he came to Paris for the first time in 1944, then returned there, helped by the GI Bill, which allowed him to study painting in 1948 after two years of study in 1946. in 1948 in Boston.", "military unit    entity are the U.S. Navy's primary special operations force and a component of the Naval Special Warfare Command. Among the SEALs' main functions are conducting small-unit special operation missions in maritime, jungle, urban, arctic, mountainous, and desert environments. SEALs are typically ordered to capture or to eliminate high level targets, or to gather intelligence behind enemy lines.", "military unit    entity are the primary special force of the United States Navy. SEAL teams are trained to deploy on a variety of missions, including special reconnaissance operations, unconventional warfare, overseas defense, hostage-taking, counter-terrorism, preparation of the ground before a landing and the capture of warlords.", "village    entity is a city in Cherry County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 2,737 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Cherry County.", "village    entity is the county seat of Cherry County, in the state of Nebraska, United States. As of the 2010 census, it had a population of 2,737. The town was named after politician Edward K. Valentine.", "film    entity is a 1956 French fantasy comedy-drama featurette written, produced, and directed by Albert Lamorisse. The thirty-five-minute short, which follows the adventures of a young boy who one day finds a sentient, mute, red balloon, was filmed in the M\u00e9nilmontant neighbourhood of Paris. Lamorisse used his children as actors in the film. His son, Pascal, plays himself in the main role, and his daughter, Sabine, portrays a young girl.", "film    entity is a medium-length film directed by Albert Lamorisse, released in 1956.", "screen writer    entity was a Vice-Admiral of the United States Navy during World War II. He also received the Medal of Honor for his actions in Veracruz, Mexico.", "screen writer    entity was an American Vice Admiral.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League with the Pittsburgh Penguins, Minnesota Wild and the Phoenix Coyotes.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player who plays as a right winger.", "disease    entity is the sixth studio album by Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation. It was released on January 31, 2014 in Europe and on February 4, 2014 in North America. The album contains guest appearances by singer Howard Jones , rapper Xzibit, metal vocalist Tarja Turunen and alternative rock singer Dave Pirner . The first single, \"Paradise \", was released on September 27, 2013, and featured Turunen as guest vocalist. The second single, \"Dangerous\", was released on December 20, in which Jones provided the male vocals.", "disease    entity is the sixth studio album by Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation, released on January 22, 2014 through Nuclear Blast, Dramatico, Bertelsmann and Universal. The first single from this album, Paradise, featuring singer Tarja Turunen, was released on September 27, 2013. The second, Dangerous, featuring Howard Jones, was released the following December 20.", "skyscraper    entity is a train station in Busan, South Korea. It is the southern terminus of the Gyeongbu Line, the most important railway line in the country, which links Busan with Seoul in just under three hours on the KTX line of Korea's high-speed rail system. It is also an underground station on Busan Metro Line 1 between Jungang and Choryang stations.", "skyscraper    entity is a railway station in South Korea. It is the southern terminus of the Gyeongbu line, the most important railway line in the country, which connects Pusan \u200b\u200band Seoul in less than 3 hours with the KTX.", "village    entity is a cathedral city and county town of entityshire, England. The non-metropolitan district of entity had a 2012 population of 94,600. The 2011 census gave the urban area of entity, including North Hykeham and Waddington, a population of 115,000. Roman Lindum Colonia developed from an Iron Age settlement on the River Witham. Landmarks include entity Cathedral \u2013 English Gothic architecture, for over 200 years the world's tallest building \u2013 and the 11th-century Norman entity Castle. The city hosts the University of entity, Bishop Grosseteste University, entity City FC and entity United FC.", "village    entity is a town with city status and the county seat of the county of entityshire, England. Waddington.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a voivodeship in northwestern Poland. It borders on Pomeranian Voivodeship to the east, Greater Poland Voivodeship to the southeast, Lubusz Voivodeship to the south, the German federal-states of Mecklenburg-West Pomerania and Brandenburg to the west, and the Baltic Sea to the north. Its capital and largest city is Szczecin.", "governmental administrative region    entity is one of the 16 administrative regions of Poland.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Siedlce, although the city is not part of the county . The only town in entity is Mordy, which lies 18 km east of Siedlce.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a county belonging to the Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "university    entity is a collegiate research university in Cambridge, United Kingdom. Founded in 1209 and granted a royal charter by Henry III in 1231, Cambridge is the second-oldest university in the English-speaking world and the world's fourth-oldest surviving university. The university grew out of an association of scholars who left the University of Oxford after a dispute with the townspeople. The two English ancient universities share many common features and are often jointly referred to as Oxbridge.", "university    entity is Britain's second oldest university. It is part of the Old Universities. It is one of the most prestigious universities in the world.", "single    entity is an American former professional baseball player. He played all or part of 13 seasons in Major League Baseball , with most of his career spent with the Pittsburgh Pirates and the Arizona Diamondbacks, then with several other teams during his last four years. A middle infielder, Womack was recognized for his speed and base-stealing prowess and his key hits in the 2001 playoffs which led to the 2001 World Series win over the New York Yankees.", "single    entity was a second baseman and shortstop who played in Major League Baseball from 1993 to 2006.", "village    entity is a commune in the Dr\u00f4me department in southeastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dr\u00f4me in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "album    entity is an instrumental recorded by the English rock band the Beatles which first appeared on the 1967 Magical Mystery Tour release . It is one of the few songs credited to all four members of the band: John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr.", "album    entity is a Beatles instrumental song that first appeared on the 1967 album Magical Mystery Tour. It is one of the very rare songs written by the four Beatles, John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in northwestern South America, bordered by Colombia on the north, Peru on the east and south, and the Pacific Ocean on the west. Ecuador also includes the Gal\u00e1pagos Islands in the Pacific, about 1,000 kilometers west of the mainland. The capital is Quito.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in South America, bordering Peru to the south and east and Colombia to the northeast, bathed in the west by the Pacific Ocean. Its inhabitants are called Ecuadorians. Its area is 283,520 km, divided into three major regions: the Pacific coast, where the city of Guayaquil is located, the Andean part of the country, where the capital and main city of the country, Quito, is located, and the Amazon eq", "comics creator    entity is an American singer-songwriter and musician best known as the founder of the Cajun band BeauSoleil.", "comics creator    entity is an American violinist, singer, folklorist, and musicologist specializing in Cajun music and zydeco . He is one of the founders and the leading man of the BeauSoleil group with which he has been performing since 1975. Michael Doucet is considered by Americans as one of the musical representatives of \u201cFrench culture\u201d.", "film    entity is a 2011 American political drama film directed by George Clooney from a screenplay written by Clooney, Grant Heslov, and Beau Willimon. The film is an adaptation of Willimon's 2008 play Farragut North. It stars Ryan Gosling and Clooney alongside Philip Seymour Hoffman, Paul Giamatti, Marisa Tomei, Jeffrey Wright, and Evan Rachel Wood.", "film    entity is an American film directed by George Clooney released in 2011. It is the adaptation of the play Farragut North by Beau Willimon, itself based on the true story of Howard Dean. the opening of the 2011 Venice Film Festival.", "album    entity is the eleventh studio album by American rapper Tech N9ne. It was released on June 7, 2011, through Strange Music. The album was released to universal acclaim by music critics, and peaked at number four on the Billboard 200 and at number one on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts.", "album    entity is the twelfth studio album by rapper Tech N9ne, released on June 7, 2011. The album ranked #1 on the Billboard 200, Top Independent Albums, Top Rap Albums and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums .", "screen writer    entity was a Soviet military commander in World War II, Marshal of the Soviet Union, and Minister of Defence of the Soviet Union in the late 1950s and 1960s. He contributed to the major defeat of Nazi Germany at the Battle of Stalingrad and the Battle of Budapest. During the post-war era, he made a pivotal contribution to the strengthening of the Soviet Union as a military superpower.", "screen writer    entity was a soldier, Marshal of the Soviet Union and Soviet Defense Minister. He notably participated in the Battle of Stalingrad and the Battle of Budapest.", "village    entity is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France. It forms part of the Mulhouse Alsace Agglom\u00e9ration, the inter-communal local government body for the Mulhouse conurbation.", "village    entity is a commune in the district of Mulhouse, located in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace region. It has been part of Mulhouse Alsace Agglomeration since January 1, 2010. Its inhabitants are called entityois and entityoises. They are traditionally given the nickname \"Ant\" or \"Omeise\", because of the hard work that farmers once had to provide to exploit their stony soils.", "governmental administrative region    entity was a union of provinces in the R\u00edo de la Plata region of South America that emerged from the May Revolution in 1810 and the Argentine War of Independence of 1810\u20131818. It comprised most of the former Viceroyalty of the R\u00edo de la Plata dependencies and had Buenos Aires as its capital.", "governmental administrative region    entity is the denomination used for the current territory of Argentina, Uruguay and the Bolivian department of Tarija from the May Revolution leading to the Argentine War of Independence until in the middle of the decade of 1830.", "screen writer    entity was a German politician who served as Foreign Minister in the second cabinet of Chancellor Angela Merkel and Vice-Chancellor of Germany from 2009 to 2011, being the first openly gay person to hold any of these positions. He also led the liberal Free Democratic Party from 2001 until he stepped down in 2011. A lawyer by profession, he was a member of the Bundestag from 1996 to 2013. For his party he was also its first and so far only Chancellor candidate in the 2002 federal election, becoming also the youngest candidate for the office of Chancellor to date.", "screen writer    entity is a German politician and member of the Liberal Democratic Party. Klaus Kinkel at the time, and confirmed the following year by his successor, Wolfgang Gerhardt, whom he succeeded in 2001 as party leader.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowice, within Krosno Odrza\u0144skie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres north-west of Bobrowice, 7 km south-west of Krosno Odrza\u0144skie, and 31 km west of Zielona G\u00f3ra. Before 1945 the area was part of Germany . The village has a population of 653.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Bobrowice in Krosno Odrza\u0144skie County, Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.", "screen writer    entity is a 2008 American concert film produced and released by Walt Disney Pictures presented in Disney Digital 3D. It was first released in the United States and Canada for one week beginning on February 1, 2008. The film is directed by Brice Smith and produced by Art Repola.", "screen writer    entity is an American film adapted from the Miley Cyrus/Hannah Montana: Best of Both Worlds Tour, directed by Bruce Hendricks, which was released in 2008.", "video game    entity is a vertically scrolling shooter game by Hudson Soft and Compile, based on the Japanese film Gunhed. The title was released in 1989, for the PC Engine in Japan and re-skinned for the TurboGrafx-16 in North America, with Gunhed unofficially imported for the PC Engine in Europe. In the game, a fictional galaxy is under attack by an enemy space armada called the Dark Squadron, and this galaxy's only chance for survival is the Gunhed Advanced Star Fighter, who must destroy the Dark Squadron and its Super Weapons. The gameplay features fast vertical scrolling and a wide array of weapons for the player to use.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Compile and published by Hudson Soft. This is a shoot 'em up released in 1989 on PC-Engine. Developed under the T\u014dh\u014d/Sunrise license from the Japanese film Gunhed, it is generally considered to be one of NEC's first 8bit console shoot 'em ups.", "album    entity is the debut album from hip hop producer-emcee Diamond D, released on September 22, 1992. The album features some of the earliest appearances from Diamond's later D.I.T.C. partners Big L and Fat Joe da Gangsta, as well as his crew the Psychotic Neurotics. Although Diamond D handles the majority of the album's production, other popular beat makers such as Large Professor, Q-Tip, Jazzy Jay, Showbiz and The 45 King co-produce on several tracks. The album features the singles \"Best-Kept Secret\" and \"Sally Got a One-Track Mind.\" The album was not released on vinyl; however, there were promotional copies pressed with full artwork which were highly sought-after. The vinyl edition was eventually made available as a reissue years later. The original promo version has a stic", "album    entity is Diamond D's debut studio album, released on September 22, 1992.", "village    entity is the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of the Balearic Islands in Spain. It is situated on the south coast of Mallorca on the Bay of entity. The Cabrera Archipelago, though widely separated from entity proper, is administratively considered part of the municipality. As of 2018, entity Airport serves over 29 million passengers per year.", "village    entity is the main city of the island of Mallorca, capital of the autonomous community of the Balearic Islands in Spain.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who last played for Ilves of the Finnish Liiga.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player.", "newspaper    entity is the national public broadcasting company of the Faroe Islands. It was founded on 1 January 2005 after a merger of the national radio and television networks, \u00datvarp F\u00f8roya and Sj\u00f3nvarp F\u00f8roya.", "newspaper    entity is a public company responsible for broadcasting in the Faroe Islands, an archipelago forming an autonomous territory of Denmark. It is the result of the merger, in 2005, of \u00fatvarp F\u00f8roya, a company founded in 1957, and Sj\u00f3nvarp F\u00f8roya, a company founded in 1981.", "video game    entity is a music video game developed by United Game Artists. A direct sequel to the 1999 game Space Channel 5, the game was published for Dreamcast and PlayStation 2 in Japan in February 2002 by Sega. The PS2 version released worldwide in 2003 by SCEE and Agetec . The game later received a high-definition port to Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in 2011 from Sega.", "video game    entity is a rhythm video game developed by United Game Artists and published by Sega, released for Dreamcast and PlayStation 2. It was released in Japan on February 14, 2002 and in Europe on February 12, 2003. It is the sequel to Space Channel 5. An HD port of entity was included in the Dreamcast Collection compilation, released February 25, 2011 on Xbox 360 and PC. On March 5, 2011, the game was released on the Steam distribution platform.", "volleyball player    entity is a Dominican volleyball player who won the bronze medal in the 2015 Pan American Games as a member of the Dominican Republic national team. She played in the 2014 Senior World Championship and the 2011 and 2015 FIVB World Cup. She received the Dominican Republic Guild of Sport Writers award as the 2013 volleyball player of the year. She won the 2014 Santo Domingo Province Superior Tournament with the Dominican club Playeras de Boca Chica.", "volleyball player    entity is a Dominican volleyball player born September 11, 1996 in Santo Domingo. She is 2.01m tall and plays as a receiver-attacker. She has 93 caps for the Dominican Republic team.", "economist    entity is an American mathematician known for distinguished work in algebraic geometry, and then for research into vision and pattern theory. He won the Fields Medal and was a MacArthur Fellow. In 2010 he was awarded the National Medal of Science. He is currently a University Professor Emeritus in the Division of Applied Mathematics at Brown University.", "economist    entity is an American mathematician known for his work in algebraic geometry and then for his research in the theory of vision. He is currently a professor in the Applied Mathematics Division at Brown University, following a long academic career at Harvard.", "album    entity is the 15th studio album by Ringo Starr, released worldwide on 14 January 2008. Received with mixed reviews, it marked Starr's return to EMI for the first time since leaving the label in 1975, following the end of the Beatles' recording contract with the company.", "album    entity is Ringo Starr's fourteenth studio album. It was released worldwide on January 14, 2008 and marks Starr's return to EMI, for the first time since leaving the label in 1975 after the Beatles recordings ended, although Starr had technically made a brief appearance on the EMI label in the mid-1990s. entity was released by EMI Music, Capitol Records in the US and Parlophone in the UK.", "album    entity is the fourth and final single release from English singer-songwriter Dido's second album, Life for Rent . The lyrics describe a single woman returning from a holiday, reminiscing about a romantic encounter she had while away. Released on 23 August 2004, the single under-performed in the United Kingdom, reaching number 29 on the UK Singles Chart, but peaked at number one on the US Billboard Dance Club Play chart. A music video directed by Alex De Rakoff was made for the song.", "album    entity is the fourth and final single from Dido's Life for Rent album.", "album    entity is a song by Irish rock band U2. It is the title track of their fourth album , and was released as the album's second single in April 1985. The band cited an art exhibition by victims of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki that was held at The Peace Museum in Chicago as the lyrical inspiration for the song. It became the band's third top-ten hit in the United Kingdom, reaching number six on the UK Singles Chart and number eight on the Dutch singles chart.", "album    entity is a song by Irish rock band U2, from the album of the same name. It is the fourth track of this album. His single was released on April 1, 1985.Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Chanson section", "album    entity is the only studio album by Icelandic singer entity as a child singer, released on 18 December 1977 by F\u00e1lkinn. In 1976, entity appeared on Icelandic radio singing \"I Love to Love\" through the music school she attended, which led her to a record deal and the release, with the help of stepfather S\u00e6var, of her first solo album in 1977. The album is reputed to be juvenilia work and it is not included in the singer's official solo discography, hence the 1993 release Debut is widely considered to be entity's first studio album.", "album    entity is the debut album by Icelandic pop singer entity, released in 1977 when she was 12 years old. This album is entirely in Icelandic, composed partly of traditional Icelandic songs and partly of contemporary songs adapted into Icelandic, such as The Fool on the Hill by the Beatles.", "musical artist    entity is an Australian singer, songwriter, bassist and guitarist whose career began performing alongside artists including Jeff Beck, Prince, Eric Clapton, Herbie Hancock and Mick Jagger. In 2008, Wilkenfeld was voted \"The Year's Most Exciting New Player\" by Bass Player magazine readers' choice poll. In 2013, Wilkenfeld was awarded Bass Player Magazine's \"Young Gun Award\" by Don Was, where she performed \"Chelsea Hotel\" by Leonard Cohen.", "musical artist    entity is an Australian bassist, who has earned a worldwide reputation, notably by accompanying Jeff Beck with Vinnie Colaiuta on tour. Virtuoso bassist Tal Wilkenfeld won Bass Player magazine's Most Exciting New Bassist of the Year award in 2008. She impressed critics and audiences alike with her great maturity, despite her young age.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by British recording artist M.I.A. It was released on 1 November 2013 on her own label, N.E.E.T. Recordings, through Interscope Records. Songwriting and production for the album were primarily handled by M.I.A. and longtime collaborator Switch, with additional contributions from Hit-Boy, Doc McKinney, Danja, Surkin and The Partysquad. The album's title is a variant of M.I.A.'s real first name and also references the Hindu goddess entity. Themes relating to Hinduism, including reincarnation and karma, feature in the lyrics, and the music blends western and eastern styles. The album was recorded in various locations around the world and allegedly featured input from WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by English singer MIA. It was released on November 1, 2013 under the NEET and Interscope labels. It includes contributions from several producers including Danja, Hit-Boy as well as Switch and contains fifteen songs. It was initially expected for December 2012 then for the beginning and then spring 2013.", "village    entity is a municipality in the district of Sissach, in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.", "village    entity is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Basel-Country, located in the district of Sissach.", "cricketer    entity was a Scottish football player and manager. Docherty played for several clubs, most notably Preston North End, and represented Scotland 25 times between 1951 and 1959. He then managed a total of 13 clubs between 1961 and 1988, as well as the Scottish national team. Docherty was manager of Manchester United between 1972 and 1977, during which time they were relegated to the Second Division, but promoted back to the First Division as champions at the first attempt.", "cricketer    entity is a former Scottish footballer, who played in Preston North End and in the England team. Docherty scored a goal during his twenty-five selections with the Scotland team between 1951 and 1959. He has been a member of the Scottish Football Hall of Fame, since 2013, during the tenth induction session.", "film    entity is a 2005 American drama film directed by John Madden and starring Gwyneth Paltrow, Anthony Hopkins, Jake Gyllenhaal, and Hope Davis. The screenplay was written by Rebecca Miller and David Auburn, based on Auburn's Pulitzer Prize-winning play of the same name.", "film    entity is an American film by John Madden, released on September 30, 2005. The screenplay was written by Rebecca Miller based on the play Proof by David Auburn.", "screen writer    entity is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball for the Tampa Bay Rays, New York Mets, and San Diego Padres.", "screen writer    entity is an American baseball player playing in Major League Baseball with the San Diego Padres.", "soccer manager    entity is an American former professional baseball player and current coach for the Texas Rangers. He played in Major League Baseball as a left-handed pitcher from 1975 to 1978 for the Montreal Expos, Philadelphia Phillies, and the Houston Astros.", "soccer manager    entity is a former Major League Baseball pitcher and New York Mets coach since 2008.", "castle    entity is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the \u00d6tztal Alps in Austria. It has a summit elevation of 3,454 m above sea level.", "castle    entity is a mountain that rises 3,453 m above sea level in the \u00d6tztal Alps, Austria.", "screen writer    entity was an Argentine\u2013Cuban biochemist, doctor, writer, and scientist. He was also the youthful friend and traveling companion of Che Guevara during their 1952 motorcycle tour in Latin America. Granado later founded the University of Santiago de Cuba School of Medicine. He authored the memoir Traveling with Che Guevara: The Making of a Revolutionary, which served as a reference for the 2004 film The Motorcycle Diaries, in which he was played by Rodrigo de la Serna. An elderly Alberto Granado makes a short appearance at the end of the film.", "screen writer    entity was an Argentinian biochemist, born August 8, 1922 in C\u00f3rdoba, Argentina and died March 5, 2011. He was Ernesto Guevara's traveling companion in Latin America. He published a book about this trip, On the road with Che Guevara.", "village    entity is a village that forms part of the eponymous exclave of entity in Ajman, one of the seven emirates forming the United Arab Emirates. It is surrounded by Ras Al Khaimah, the Dubai exclave of Hatta and Oman . It is only accessible from Ajman itself by crossing territories of Sharjah, Ras Al Khaimah, and Oman. At the census of 2017 the city had a population 8988 on an area of 86.59 km\u00b2, which corresponds to a population density of 103.8 per km\u00b2. entity is home to UAE Division One football club entity CFC.", "village    entity is a city in the emirate of Ajman in the north of the United Arab Emirates. Located 95 kilometers southeast of the city of Ajman, the capital of the emirate, it is landlocked between the emirates of Ras el Khaimah to the north, and Abu Dhabi to the east, as well as with the sultanate of Oman to the south and west.", "record label    entity is an American independent record label based in Water Valley and Oxford, Mississippi. At first Fat Possum focused almost entirely on recording previously unknown Mississippi blues artists . Recently, Fat Possum has signed younger rock acts to its roster. The label has been featured in The New York Times, New Yorker, The Observer, a Sundance Channel production, features on NPR, and a 2004 documentary, You See Me Laughin. Fat Possum also distributes the Hi Records catalog.", "record label    entity is an independent label from Oxford, Mississippi. Specializing in the blues, the label also produces a few rock artists.", "single    entity is an American professional baseball pitcher for the High Point Rockers of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball. He has played in Major League Baseball for the Oakland Athletics, New York Yankees and Toronto Blue Jays.", "single    entity is a right-handed relief pitcher for the Oakland Athletics of Major League Baseball.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres east of Zakrzew, 9 km north-west of Radom, and 86 km south of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Zakrzew in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "village    entity is a city and metropolitan borough in Greater entity, England. The city has the country's fifth-largest population at 547,627 and lies within the United Kingdom's second-most populous urban area, with a population of 2.7 million, third most-populous county, at around 2.8 million. It is fringed by the Cheshire Plain to the south, the Pennines to the north and east, and an arc of towns with which it forms a continuous conurbation. The local authority for the city is entity City Council.", "village    entity is a city and an urban area of \u200b\u200bthe United Kingdom. It has had city status since 1853 and in 2008 had approximately 500,000 inhabitants. Its inhabitants are called Mancunians. The city is at the heart of a large agglomeration of more than two and a half million inhabitants whose main cities are: Bury, Bolton, Rochdale, Oldham, Ashton-under-Lyne, Stockport, Salford, Altrincham, Wigan.", "basketball team    entity are an American professional baseball team based in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. The Angels compete in Major League Baseball as a member club of the American League West division. The Angels are the first MLB team to originate from the state of California; the Athletics were originally from Philadelphia , and the Dodgers and Giants are originally from two New York City boroughs\u2014Brooklyn and Manhattan, respectively. Since 1966, the team has played its home games at Angel Stadium in Anaheim.", "basketball team    entity are a Major League Baseball baseball franchise located in Anaheim. They play in the West Division of the American League.", "film    entity is an American short film made by First National Pictures. Charlie Chaplin wrote, directed, and starred in the film. It is Chaplin's final two-reel short film.", "film    entity is a 1922 American silent film directed by Charlie Chaplin.", "musical artist    Jm\u00e9no a p\u0159\u00edjmen\u00ed George Clinton nos\u00ed v\u00edce sobnost\u00ed:", "musical artist    entity is an American singer and producer, who is with James Brown and Sly Stone one of the founding fathers of funk music. He coordinated the bands Parliament and Funkadelic during the 1970s and early 1980s, as well as a few satellite productions, before embarking on a solo career. He is color blind and father of 14 children.", "album    entity is an album by Queensbridge hip-hop duo Mobb Deep on March 13, 2007. The album consists of previously unreleased tracks. The first disc contains Mobb Deep's Back from a Hiatus mixtape from 1998. Rappers such as Sticky Fingaz, 50 Cent, Snoop Dogg and Busta Rhymes are featured. The song \"In the Long Run\", Prodigy spoke about the altercation between him and Keith Murray. In Prodigy's book, he stated this release wasn't authorized by the group.", "album    entity is a compilation album by Mobb Deep, released March 13, 2007. The album contains previously unreleased tracks as well as tracks from a 1998 mixtape, Back from a Hiatus.", "album    entity is the title song from Kate Bush's fourth studio album The Dreaming and was released a single on 26 July 1982. Bush had not released a single since \"Sat in Your Lap\" thirteen months earlier. entity made it to number 48 on the UK Singles Chart. The original title for the track was \"The Abo Song\", which unwittingly made use of a racial slur; promotional 7-inch copies were circulated before being recalled. A 12-inch version of the single was also mooted but ultimately rejected by EMI for \"not being commercially viable\".", "album    entity is the 4th single from Kate Bush's eponymous studio album. Bush had not released a single since Sat in Your Lap thirteen months earlier. The Dreaming reached number 48 on the UK Singles Chart.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 16 kilometres south-east of Przysucha and 105 km south of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a village in the gmina of Przysucha in Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "soccer club    entity is a former quarterback. He played college football for the University of Illinois and professional football for the New England Patriots and New York Jets . He was selected in the first round of the legendary 1983 NFL Draft, in which 5 other future NFL starting quarterbacks were also drafted. During his stint with the Patriots, he continuously battled Patriots veteran quarterback Steve Grogan for the starting job, splitting starting quarterback duties with him for seven seasons. He was the primary starter for the 1985 Patriots team that made their first Super Bowl appearance in Super Bowl XX, though he was benched in favor of Grogan during the second quarter after failing to complete a pass and being", "soccer club    entity is an American football player who played as a quarterback.", "musical artist    entity is an American singer, songwriter, and record producer who rose to fame with his platinum-selling second studio album Comin' from Where I'm From , which featured the title track single \"Comin' from Where I'm From\" and the follow-up \"Charlene\". Nominated for 17 Grammy Awards, he is also known for the song \"Freedom\" from the soundtrack album of Django Unchained co-written and sung as a duo with indie soul singer Elayna Boynton.", "musical artist    entity is an American soul singer from Charlotte, North Carolina.", "screen writer    entity is a Soviet and Russian filmmaker, actor, and head of the Russian Cinematographers' Union. Mikhalkov is a three-time laureate of the State Prize of the Russian Federation and is a Full Cavalier of the Order \"For Merit to the Fatherland\".", "screen writer    entity is a Russian film director, actor and producer, founder, in 2002, of the Golden Eagle award, which is awarded annually among Russian cinema.", "software    entity is computer software for the verification, validation, documentation and re-use of mathematical calculations in engineering and science, notably mechanical, chemical, electrical, and civil engineering. Released in 1986 on DOS, it introduced live editing of typeset mathematical notation in an interactive notebook, combined with automatic computations. It was originally developed by Mathsoft, and since 2006 has been a product of Parametric Technology Corporation.", "software    entity is software for performing scientific calculations. Its interface makes it possible to produce reports, that is to say formatted documents which mix calculations and texts necessary for the understanding of an engineering project.entity supports .NET and the native XML format.With With its unique notebook interface, the software integrates standard mathematical notation, text and graphics into a single spreadsheet.", "album    entity is an American doom metal band from San Francisco, California. Formed as a duo in 2003 by the rhythm section of the band Sleep , entity is currently a trio consisting of Cisneros, Emil Amos , and Tyler Trotter .", "album    entity are an experimental rock duo from California, formed in 2003 from the ashes of stoner rock band Sleep. The first three albums feature Al Cisneros on vocals and Chris Hakius on drums.", "tennis player    entity is a Danish professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent. He was most recently under contract with Timr\u00e5 IK then of the Swedish Hockey League .", "tennis player    entity is a Danish professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by British rock band Enter Shikari. It is the first album to achieve a significant chart success for a new act operating outside the traditional label system after selling 200,000 copies worldwide.", "album    entity is the debut album by British post-hardcore band Enter Shikari, released on March 19, 2007. Four singles are taken from the album: Mothership, Sorry You're Not a Winner/OK Time for Plan B, Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour and Jonny Sniper.", "album    \u201eRoar\u201c je p\u00edse\u0148 americk\u00e9 popov\u00e9 zp\u011bva\u010dky Katy Perry. P\u00edse\u0148 poch\u00e1z\u00ed z jej\u00edho \u010dtvrt\u00e9ho studiov\u00e9ho alba Prism.O produkci se postarali Bonnie McKee, Dr. Luke a Max Martin stejn\u011b jako v p\u0159\u00edpad\u011b p\u00edsn\u011b Teenage Dream. 8. srpna byla p\u00edse\u0148 vypu\u0161t\u011bna jako prvn\u00ed singl z desky Prisma hned se um\u00edstil na 1. m\u00edst\u011b Billboard Hot 100 a stal se ji\u017e osm\u00fdm singlem Katy Perry, kter\u00e9mu se to poda\u0159ilo.", "album    entity is a song performed by American singer Katy Perry taken from her fourth studio album, Prism, released on August 12, 2013. online videos. In the first of them, we can see the artist burning his blue wig, one of the symbols of the Teenage Dream era.", "screen writer    entity is a French actor best known for his dubbing and radio roles.", "screen writer    entity is a French actor. Particularly very active in dubbing, he is the regular French voice of Paul Dano, Channing Tatum, Jesse Eisenberg, Jay Baruchel, Jonah Hill and Adam Brody as well as one of the voices of Anton Yelchin, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Jamie Bell and Andrew Garfield. He is also known for being the voice of the character Titeuf in the animated series of the same name adapted from the comic strip but also a regular voice in Disney productions.", "album    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles and the title track to the December 1967 television film of the same name. It was released on the band's Magical Mystery Tour soundtrack record, which was a double EP in Britain and most markets but an album in America, where Capitol Records supplemented the new songs with tracks issued on the Beatles' 1967 singles. The song was written primarily by Paul McCartney and credited to the Lennon\u2013McCartney partnership.", "album    entity is a Beatles song that opens the album of the same name and also appears in the film of the same name.", "album    entity were an American rock band formed in New York City in 1971. Along with the Velvet Underground and the Stooges, they were one of the first bands of the early punk rock scenes and performed twice a week regularly at the Oscar Wilde Room of the Mercer Arts Center. In the band\u2019s earlier days, Ruby and the Rednecks used to open for them at the gigs and were greatly inspired by them. Although the band never achieved much commercial success and their original line-up fell apart quickly, the band's first two albums\u2014New York Dolls and Too Much Too Soon \u2014became among the most popular cult records in rock. The line-up at this time comprised vocalist David Johansen, guitarist Johnny Thunders, bassist Arthur Kane, guitarist and pianist Sylvain Sylvain and drummer Jerry N", "album    entity is an American rock group founded in 1971 in New York and dissolved in 1977. They are the typical example of rock musicians flirting with disturbed imagery and reinventing the \"Roaring Twenties\".", "album    entity is a 2002 single released by American R&B/pop singer Whitney Houston. The song serves as the initial single from Houston's fifth studio album, Just Whitney. entity has several remixes from Thunderpuss, Full Intention, Junior Vasquez, Peter Rauhofer, Razor 'N Guido and P. Diddy. The song was seen as an attack on the media for the negative attention it gave to her life at the time.", "album    entity is a song by Whitney Houston written for the album Just Whitney.", "politician    entity is a Latvian businessman and a former politician who was the Prime Minister of Latvia from 2004 to 2007. Currently he is the president of Latvian Ice Hockey Federation and the Chairman of the Board of Latvian gas company Latvijas G\u0101ze. He is the Chairman of the Council of Latvian telecommunications company Tet.", "politician    entity is a Latvian politician, member and founder of the People's Party. He was elected deputy to the Saeima in 1998, becoming Minister of Agriculture a year later, then Minister of Economic Affairs in 2000.", "album    entity is a song by English synth-pop duo Pet Shop Boys. Written by Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe, the song was released twice as a single. The song's lyrics are concerned with class and the pressures of inner-city life which were inspired partly by T. S. Eliot's poem The Waste Land. It was generally well received by contemporary music critics and has been frequently cited as a highlight in the duo's career. The song was performed by Pet Shop Boys at the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony.", "album    entity is a song by British duo Pet Shop Boys. Composed by Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe, this song has been released as a single twice. This is a pop song in which we feel the influence of hip-hop. The lyrics deal with social classes and the pressure in big cities. It is inspired by the poem The Waste Land by TS Eliot. entity is considered one of the highlights in the duo's career.", "tennis player    entity is a Finnish ice hockey player currently playing for Lukko of the Finnish Liiga.", "tennis player    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He is playing as a winger.", "music genre    entity is a subgenre of heavy metal music loosely defined by use of experimentation and innovative, avant-garde elements, including non-standard and unconventional sounds, instruments, song structures, playing styles, and vocal techniques. entity is influenced by progressive rock and extreme metal, particularly death metal, and is closely related to progressive metal. Some local scenes include Los Angeles, the San Francisco Bay Area, Boston, and Seattle in the United States, Oslo in Norway, and Tokyo in Japan.", "music genre    entity is a musical genre derived from heavy metal that is characterized by a broad tendency to experimentation and a taste for unconventional sounds, instruments, or song structures. Early examples of avant-garde metal date back to Celtic Frost, Fleurety and Ved Buens Ende.", "actor    entity is a Japanese voice actress who works for Aoni Production. She is best known for her voice roles as Shizuru Fujino , Jane Diethel in Shaman King, Risai in 12 Kingdoms, Elias \"Ace\" Hono in Shitsugeki! Machine Robo Rescue and Cagalli Yula Athha . She was born in Kyoto Prefecture, and her nickname is \"Cindy\" .", "actor    entity is a Japanese seiy\u016b born November 9, 1972 in Kyoto.", "album    entity is the second solo album by former Soft Machine drummer Robert Wyatt. It was released on 26 July 1974 by Virgin Records. The album was produced by Pink Floyd's drummer Nick Mason, and was recorded following a 1973 accident which left Wyatt a paraplegic. He enlisted musicians including Ivor Cutler, Hugh Hopper, Richard Sinclair, Laurie Allan, Mike Oldfield and Fred Frith in the recording.", "album    entity is Robert Wyatt's second solo album, his first after leaving Soft Machine. Following a fall from a window that left him paralyzed in his lower limbs, Wyatt quit his job with the band Matching Mole, being unable to continue playing drums. Some of the songs started for Matching Mole's third album were then transformed and finalized for this album during the time he spent in the hospital following the accident.", "single    entity was a Dominican\u2013Canadian professional baseball outfielder who played one season for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball . Known as \"El Fen\u00f3meno\" in the Dominican Republic, the Cardinals signed him at age 16 in 2008 as an international amateur free agent and he made his MLB debut in 2014. Over six minor league seasons, he batted .321 with a .519 slugging percentage. He played all three outfield positions while spending most of the time in center field.", "single    entity was a Dominican-Canadian baseball player. He played as an outfielder for the St. Louis Cardinals of Major League Baseball.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by Cat Power, the stage name and eponymous band of American singer-songwriter Chan Marshall. All tracks on the album were written by Marshall, making it her first album not to include any cover songs. The Memphis Rhythm Band includes Roy Brewer, Teenie Hodges, Steve Potts, Dave Smith, Rick Steff, Doug Easley, Jim Spake, Scott Thompson and Susan Marshall. String arrangements were contributed by Harlan T. Bobo and Jonathan Kirkscey.", "album    entity is an album by Chan Marshall alias Cat Power released in 2006. Contrary to what its title suggests, this album is not a compilation. He is registered in Memphis.", "video game    entity is a survival horror game developed by Grasshopper Manufacture and published by Spike. It was released in Japan on August 5, 2004, in Europe on September 29, 2005, and in Australia in 2005. This game was never released in North America. Directed by Akira Ueda and planned by Goichi Suda, the game focuses on a news crew for the fictional ZaKa TV, dedicated to covering strange phenomena. The game is unique in the sense that it is played almost entirely though the viewfinder of a camera; the player loses if they run out of film before solving the mysteries in a mission.", "video game    entity is a survival horror video game developed by Grasshopper Manufacture, released in 2004 for the PlayStation 2. Its music is composed by Masafumi Takada.", "video game    entity is a 2017 action role-playing game developed by Guerrilla Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. The plot follows Aloy, a young hunter in a world overrun by machines, who sets out to uncover her past. The player uses ranged weapons, a spear, and stealth to combat mechanical creatures and other enemy forces. A skill tree provides the player with new abilities and bonuses. The player can explore the open world to discover locations and take on side quests. It was released for the PlayStation 4 in 2017 and Microsoft Windows in 2020.", "video game    entity is an open-world action role-playing video game developed by Dutch studio Guerrilla Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation 4, released on March 1, 2017 in Europe. It is the first intellectual property developed by Guerrilla Games since Killzone in 2004 and the Dutch studio's first attempt at making a role-playing video game.", "musical artist    entity is a French composer and musician.", "musical artist    entity is a French composer and musician and the founder of the group Space.", "grand prix    entity was awarded, as the Netherlands were disqualified when Aad van den Hoek tested positive for coramine. The fourth-placed Belgian team were not awarded the bronze medal because they had not been tested for drugs.", "grand prix    entity was held on August 29, 1972.", "video game    entity is a 1998 survival horror video game developed by Sega AM7 and System Sacom for the Sega Saturn. It was the last Saturn game released in Europe. The game offers unique gameplay features such as buttons that allow the player to use items in real-time, aiming while moving, and falling oxygen levels. The music was composed by Kenji Kawai, and the creatures and characters were designed by illustrator Yasushi Nirasawa.", "video game    entity is a survival horror type game released on Saturn in 1998. The last game to be released on Saturn in Europe, entity did not enjoy the same success as Resident Evil. The game was not released in North America.", "screen writer    entity was a French filmmaker. From 1954 to 1959, he was married to actress Martine Carol, who starred in several of his films, including Lucr\u00e8ce Borgia , Madame du Barry , and Nana . entity was born in Paris. He died at Boulogne-Billancourt in 1994.", "screen writer    entity is a French director, screenwriter and film adapter.", "grand prix    entity was the culmination of the 1948\u201349 football season in Germany. VfR Mannheim were crowned champions for the first time after a one-leg knock-out tournament. It was both sides' first appearance in the final.", "grand prix    entity was the 39th edition of the German first division. The national championship was played in the form of a cup, with a single knockout match. The 8 clubs came from the various higher leagues created at the start of the previous season. The context of the \"occupancy zones\" had faded.", "album    entity is a digital album by Scottish rock band Biffy Clyro, released 14 May 2009. The album features B-sides from singles released from the band's 4th album Puzzle.", "album    entity is the second compilation album by Scottish alternative rock band Biffy Clyro, released on April 14, 2009, by Roadrunner Records. United.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto nad Wart\u81ae, within \u8262roda Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 26 kilometres south-east of \u8262roda Wielkopolska and 56 km south-east of the regional capital Pozna\u8245.", "village    entity is a village in the gmina of Nowe Miasto nad Wart \u0105 in \u015a roda Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "album    entity is a song by John Lennon and Yoko Ono from their 1972 album Some Time in New York City. Released as a single in the United States, the song sparked controversy at the time due to its title and subject matter.", "album    entity is a song by John Lennon released on his album Some Time in New York City and as a single in 1972. It is a song aimed at denouncing the treatment of women throughout history . Along with Woman, it is one of the feminist songs composed by Lennon under the influence of his wife Yoko Ono. Rock portal Rock portal Women's portal Women's portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "album    entity is a song by the progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released as the seventh track on their 1994 album The Division Bell. It was also released as a single on 16 May 1994, the first from the album, and Pink Floyd's first for seven years. The music for the song was written by guitarist David Gilmour and album co-producer Bob Ezrin, with lyrics by Gilmour, his wife Polly Samson and Nick Laird-Clowes.", "album    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It is the seventh title of the album The Division Bell, in 1994. It is one of the rare songs of the work of the group which speaks about love. Unlike the rest of the album, this song is closer to pop rock than progressive rock.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a country in the Persian Gulf. The island nation comprises a small archipelago made up of 50 natural islands and an additional 33 artificial islands, centered on Bahrain Island which makes up around 83 percent of the country's landmass. The country is situated between the Qatari peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia to which it is connected by the 25-kilometre King Fahd Causeway. According to the 2020 census, Bahrain's population numbers 1,501,635 people, of which 712,362 are Bahraini nationals. At 760 square kilometres in size, it is the third-smallest nation in Asia after the Maldives and Si", "governmental administrative region    entity is a small island state in Arabia, located near the western coast of the Persian Gulf in the Middle East. The island of Bahrain, which is connected to Saudi Arabia by the King Fahd Causeway to the west, constitutes the bulk of its territory. Iran lies about 200 kilometers to the north, and the Gulf of Bahrain separates the island from the Qatar peninsula to the southeast. In 2010, the Bahraini population is estimated at 1,234,571 people, including more than 660,000", "actor    entity is an English singer, musician, songwriter and record producer. Her work has been considered pioneering in pop and electropop music. Heap classically trained in piano, cello and clarinet starting at a young age. She began writing songs at the age of 13 and, while attending boarding school, taught herself music production. After being discovered by manager Mickey Modern while attending the BRIT School, Heap signed to independent record label Almo Sounds at the age of 18 and later began working with experimental pop band Acacia. She released her debut album, an alternative rock record, I Megaphone, in 1998. In early 2002, Heap and English record producer Guy Sigsworth formed the electronic duo Frou Frou and released their only album to date, Detail", "actor    entity is an English singer-songwriter born in Essex, December 9, 1977. Her fans affectionately call her Immi. After releasing her debut album I Megaphone in 1998, she created the group Frou Frou in 2002 with producer Guy Sigsworth.", "film    entity is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti. It is the fourth chapter in the Fantozzi film series.", "film    entity is an Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti and released in 1983.", "single    entity are a struggle for psychological one-upmanship.", "single    entity is a song by John Lennon released in 1973 as a single and on the album of the same name.", "film    entity is a 1926 American film starring Theda Bara, Oliver Hardy, and James Finlayson, directed and co-written by Stan Laurel, and produced by Hal Roach. Footage from this film was reused in the Hal Roach two-reeler 45 Minutes From Hollywood .", "film    entity is a silent comedy by Richard Wallace and Stan Laurel released in 1926.", "village    entity is a town, arrondissement, and commune in the Kouffo Department of south-western Benin. The commune covers an area of 120 square kilometres and as of 2013 had a population of 88,611 people.", "village    entity is a town in the commune of the same name located in the department of Couffo in southwestern Benin.", "sports league    entity is a German professional football club based in the St. Pauli district of Hamburg, that competes in the 2. Bundesliga. The football department is part of a larger sports club that also has departments in rugby , baseball, bowling, boxing , chess, cycling, handball, roller derby , skittles, softball, and table tennis and since 2011 Marathon. Until the end of 2013, the club also had a department in American football, but it was dissolved because it lacked the youth team required in order to hold a men's team. FC St. Pauli has 27,000 members as of November 2018.", "sports league    entity is a German multi-sport club founded on 15 May 1910 and based in Hamburg. Its football team plays in the 2. Bundesliga for the 2013-2014 season. The club also has a rugby union section, whose men's and women's teams participate in the 1.", "village    entity is a commune in the Dr\u00f4me department in southeastern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dr\u00f4me in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region, in the south-east of France. entity is a capital of a canton located on the right bank of the 'Is\u00e8re 20 km north-east of Valence.", "album    entity is a French language song written, composed and recorded by Jean-Jacques Goldman taken from his 1984 album Positif. The single sold over half a million copies and was certified gold. Goldman explained that the song is a \"cry for help\" by a young man.", "album    entity is a song written, composed and performed by Jean-Jacques Goldman, taken from the album Positif, released in 1984.", "single    entity was a first baseman and manager in the Negro American League, mostly with the Kansas City Monarchs. After his playing days, he worked as a scout and became the first African American coach in Major League Baseball. In his later years he became a popular and renowned speaker and interview subject, helping to renew widespread interest in the Negro leagues, and played a major role in establishing the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City, Missouri. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2021.", "single    entity was an American baseball player turned manager. He operated exclusively in the Negro League, notably for the Kansas City Monarchs, first as a player, then as a player-manager from 1948 to 1955.", "village    entity is a town in Brandenburg, Germany, and capital of the Oder-Spree district. It is situated on the river Spree, 30 km southwest of Frankfurt an der Oder.", "village    entity is a German city located in Brandenburg and capital of the district of Oder-Spree.", "album    entity is a song recorded by English-Irish boy band One Direction for their second studio album, Take Me Home . It was released as the record's second single in Germany and the third and final single on 7 January 2013. The song was composed by Kristoffer Fogelmark, Kristian Lundin, Albin Nedler, Savan Kotecha, Shellback and its producers, Carl Falk and Rami Yacoub. entity is an upbeat power pop song with electronic effects; the lyrics detail the narrator's infatuation with a significant other. Critics praised the song for its production, calling it a stand-out track on Take Me Home.", "album    entity is a song by One Direction released on January 7, 2013 by Syco Records. 3rd single taken from the studio album Take Me Home, the song is written by Rami Yacoub, Carl Falk, Savan Kotecha, Kristian Lundin, Albin Nedler and by Kristoffer Fogelmark. entity is produced by Yacoub and by Falk.", "screen writer    entity is an illustrator, author, publisher, videographer and translator.", "screen writer    entity is a French author-illustrator of Asian origin. She lives in France.", "screen writer    entity was an English actor known for his film portrayals of tough military officers. His performance as Regimental Sergeant Major Wilson in The Hill alongside Sean Connery earned Andrews the National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actor and a nomination for the 1966 BAFTA Award for Best British Actor. The first of his more than 80 film appearances was in The Red Beret in 1953.", "screen writer    entity is a British actor, known for his remarkable and complex portrayals of army officers. He also started in Les B\u00e9rets Rouges in 1953.", "sea    entity is a 1939 American historical romantic drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Bette Davis, Errol Flynn, and Olivia de Havilland. Based on the play Elizabeth the Queen by Maxwell Anderson\u2014which had a successful run on Broadway with Lynn Fontanne and Alfred Lunt in the lead roles\u2014the film fictionalizes the historical relationship between Queen Elizabeth I and Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex. The screenplay was written by Norman Reilly Raine and Aeneas MacKenzie.", "sea    entity is a 1939 American film directed by Michael Curtiz.", "album    entity is a remix album by Soulwax, released on 26 September 2005 through PIAS. The album comprises remixes of songs from their third studio album, Any Minute Now.", "album    entity is a Soulwax album released in 2005.", "screen writer    entity is seen as one of the earliest historical novels and remains popular among children in Scotland.", "screen writer    entity is a Scottish novelist.", "military conflict    entity was conducted by the Viet Cong and People's Army of Vietnam from December 28, 1964, to January 1, 1965, during the Vietnam War in B\u00ecnh Gi\u00e3, Ph\u01b0\u1edbc Tuy province , South Vietnam.", "military conflict    The Battle of B\u00ecnh Gia, part of a larger Vietnamese communist offensive, took place from December 28, 1964, to January 1, 1965, during the Vietnam War, in B\u00ecnh Gi\u00e3. It took place in the province of Ph \u01b0\u1edb c Tuy, in the south of Vietnam.", "disease    entity is the fifth studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer, released on October 9, 1990, through Def American Records. Recording sessions began in March 1990 at Hit City West and Hollywood Sound, and ended in June 1990 at The Record Plant in Los Angeles, California. It was the band's last album to feature their full original lineup with drummer Dave Lombardo until his return on the band's 2006 album Christ Illusion. entity' musical style has been compared by critics to the band's previous two albums, South of Heaven and Reign in Blood .", "disease    entity is the fifth studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer. It was released on October 9, 1990 by Def American, and later by American Recordings after the label changed its name. Recording sessions for the album began in January 1990.", "film    entity is an album by jazz pianist Bill Evans released on the Milestone label, featuring performances by Evans with Zoot Sims, Jim Hall, Ron Carter, and Philly Joe Jones, recorded in 1962.", "film    entity is an album by pianist Bill Evans recorded and released in 1962.", "soccer manager    entity is a Czech professional ice hockey forward and alternate captain for the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League . Hertl was selected 17th overall in the 2012 NHL Entry Draft by the Sharks. He is the first player born in the modern Czech Republic after the dissolution of Czechoslovakia to appear in an NHL game. Prior to being drafted, Hertl played for HC Slavia Praha of the Czech Extraliga.", "soccer manager    entity is a Czech professional ice hockey player. He plays as a striker.", "album    entity is the self-titled debut album by the English rock band Pretty Things, which features mostly R&B and rock and roll cover versions. A re-issue released in 2000 on CD featured every track from both the American and British versions of the album. The liner notes were written by Jimmy Duncan and Bryan Morrison.", "album    entity is the first album of the group of the same name, released in 1965. It consists largely of covers of titles by Bo Diddley or Chuck Berry, with only three original titles. True to their reputation, the Pretty Things play so much loudly during the first recording session that producer Jack Baverstock threw in the towel.", "musical artist    entity is an English singer-songwriter. He has won multiple awards in his career, including Grammy Awards in 1999 and 2020, and has twice been nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Male Artist. In 2003, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked Costello number 80 on its list of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.", "musical artist    entity is an English singer-songwriter of Irish descent. His full name is often spelled Declan Patrick Aloysius MacManus. However, Aloysius is not one of his birth names, entity having added it at the time of the release of his album King of America).", "old territory    entity is a country on the west coast of Central Africa. Located on the equator, Gabon is bordered by Equatorial Guinea to the northwest, Cameroon to the north, the Republic of the Congo on the east and south, and the Gulf of Guinea to the west. It has an area of nearly 270,000 square kilometres and its population is estimated at 2.1 million people. There are three distinct regions: the coastal plains, the mountains , and the savanna in the east. Gabon's capital and largest city is Libreville. The official language is French.", "old territory    entity is a country located in Central Africa, crossed by the equator, bordering the east, southeast and south of the Republic of Congo, north-northwest of Equatorial Guinea and northern Cameroon. A former French colony, Gabon has been independent since August 17, 1960.", "film    entity is a 2001 film directed by Ventura Pons.", "film    entity is a 2001 Spanish film directed by Ventura Pons.", "comics creator    entity was a Chinese polymathic scientist and statesman of the Song dynasty . Excelling in many fields of study and statecraft, he was a mathematician, astronomer, antiquarian, meteorologist, geologist, entomologist, anatomist, climatologist, zoologist, botanist, pharmacologist, medical scientist, agronomist, archaeologist, ethnographer, cartographer, geographer, geophysicist, metallurgist, mineralogist, encyclopedist, military general, diplomat, hydraulic engineer, inventor, economist, academy chancellor, finance minister, governmental state inspector, philosopher, art critic, poet, and musician. He was the head official for the Bureau of Astronomy i", "comics creator    entity is a Chinese polymath scientist, government official under the Song dynasty A man of universal spirit, he was notably a geologist, astronomer, mathematician, cartographer, inventor, meteorologist, agronomist, ethnographer, zoologist, botanist, hydraulic engineer, pharmacologist, encyclopaedist, poet, musician, diplomat, general, academic chancellor, finance minister and insp", "film    entity is a 1955 French drama film directed by Henri Diamant-Berger and starring Giselle Pascal, Jean Gaven and Erich von Stroheim. The film is an adaptation of the 1925 by Maurice Dekobra, though the plot has been changed somewhat, and the action brought into the 1950s and set in Latin America rather than the Black Sea coast of the USSR. It was shot at the Victorine Studios in Nice, with sets designed by the art director Eug\u732bne Pi\u8305rac. Location shooting took place in Paris and elsewhere.", "film    entity is a French film directed by Henri Diamant-Berger, released in 1955, adaptation of the eponymous novel by Maurice Dekobra.", "military conflict    entity was attempting to capture Perpignan. The Spanish army of Antonio Ricardos had occupied part of Roussillon and made an abortive attempt to seize the fortress of Perpignan in July 1793. At the end of August, the Spanish commander sent two divisions on a sweep around the western side of Perpignan in an attempt to isolate the fortress and choke it off from resupply. After an initial Spanish success, the French army commander Hilarion Paul Puget de Barbantane, lost his nerve and fled from the area.", "military conflict    entity was fought on September 17, 1793, at Peyrestortes, near Perpignan, in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales, between French troops and Spanish troops, during the War of Roussillon during the French Revolutionary Wars of the First Coalition.", "village    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "village    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department. The town is 20 km east of Mont-de-Marsan.", "musical artist    entity was a French singer noted as France's national chanteuse and one of the country's most widely known international stars. Since her death in 1963, several biographies and films have studied her life, including 2007's La Vie en rose. Piaf has become one of the most celebrated performers of the 20th century.", "musical artist    entity is at the origin of many successes have become classics of the repertoire, such as La Vie en rose, Non, je ne regrette rien, Hymne \u00e0 l'amour, Mon legionnaire, La Foule, Milord, Mon Dieu or L'Accordioniste. striking voice, she inspired many composers, was", "newspaper    entity was the wholly owned commercial subsidiary of the BBC, formed out of a restructuring of its predecessor BBC Enterprises in January 1995. The company monetises BBC brands, selling BBC and other British programming for broadcast abroad with the aim of supplementing the income received by the BBC through the licence fee. The company merged with BBC Studios on 1 April 2018, to form a new licensing, production, and distribution company under the BBC Studios name.", "newspaper    entity is the international subsidiary of the British Broadcasting Corporation.", "film    entity is a 1990 anthology horror film written and directed by George A. Romero and Dario Argento. An international co-production of Italy and the United States, entity is split into two separate tales, both based largely on the works of Edgar Allan Poe: \"The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar\", directed by Romero and starring Adrienne Barbeau; and \"The Black Cat\", directed by Argento and starring Harvey Keitel, which blends a number of Poe references into a new narrative. Both of the tales were filmed and take place in contemporary Pittsburgh.", "film    entity is an Italian-American film directed by Dario Argento and George A. Romero and released in 1990. It is inspired by short stories by Edgar Allan Poe.", "musical artist    entity was a Scottish singer and songwriter, known for his distinctive high tenor voice. He was the co-founder and lead singer of post-punk and new wave band the Associates. He also had a brief solo career releasing his debut album, Outernational, in 1992, his only solo album released during his lifetime.", "musical artist    entity was a Scottish singer.", "screen writer    entity is a British film director, writer, and television and film producer. The son of two physicians, Birkinshaw always wanted to be an actor, but at 17, having failed his audition at LAMDA, he decided that if he couldn\u9225\u6a9b act it, he\u9225\u6a87 do it for real. He travelled to Australia, and after a few months working as a jackaroo in the Australian outback, he became a horse breaker and rodeo rider. Returning to England, he joined the camera department of Lew Grade's Associated TeleVision on his 20th birthday. He worked his way up to directing, firstly in television and then via the world of commercials, into television movies and feature films.", "screen writer    entity is a New Zealand director and screenwriter born June 15, 1944 in Auckland.", "album    entity is a song released by British record producer Naughty Boy, featuring vocals from Sam Smith. It was released on 18 May 2013 as the second single from Naughty Boy's debut album Hotel Cabana and it appears on the deluxe version of Smith's debut album In the Lonely Hour . The track reached number one on the music charts for 26 countries, including Italy, the Czech Republic, Russia and the United Kingdom. Upon its release, it was confirmed by the Official Charts Company as the fastest-selling single of 2013 in the UK. By the end of 2013, the song was the sixth fastest-selling single of the year in the UK, selling 145,000 copies in the first week.", "album    entity is a musical single from Naughty Boy in collaboration with singer Sam Smith. It is taken from his first studio album Hotel Cabana released in 2013.", "album    entity is a Swiss symphonic metal band, formed in Suhr, Switzerland in 1998.", "album    entity is a Swiss symphonic metal band, born in November 1998, created by guitarist Sandro D'Incau and keyboardist Alex Seiberl. After a long search to find a singer or a singer, they finally discovered, in 2001, Andrea D\u00e4twyler who was able to add a little something special to the group. She participated in the recording of entity's first album, Atlantis. The latter had a significant success [ref.", "village    entity is the capital city of the Canadian province of Quebec. As of July 2016, the city had a population of 531,902, and the metropolitan area had a population of 800,296. It is the eleventh-largest city and the seventh-largest metropolitan area in Canada. It is also the second-largest city in the province after Montreal.", "village    entity is the capital of the Canadian province of entity. The city had a population of 521,993 as of July 1, 2012, and over 750,000 people in its metropolitan community, making entity City the second most populous city in the province after Montreal, which is approximately 233 km to the southwest.", "film    entity is a 1990 American comedy-drama film directed by Mike Nichols. The screenplay by Carrie Fisher is based on her 1987 semi-autobiographical novel of the same title. The film stars Meryl Streep, Shirley MacLaine, and Dennis Quaid.", "film    entity is a 1990 American film directed by Mike Nichols.", "comics creator    entity was a French physicist, astronomer, and mathematician who co-discovered the Biot\u2013Savart law of magnetostatics with F\u00e9lix Savart, established the reality of meteorites, made an early balloon flight, and studied the polarization of light. The mineral biotite and Cape Biot in eastern Greenland were named in his honour.", "comics creator    entity is a French physicist, astronomer and mathematician, a pioneer in the use of polarized light for the study of solutions.", "album    entity is an American hardcore punk band formed in 1999 in Portland, Oregon.", "album    entity is a band originally from Memphis, TN, they currently reside in Portland, Oregon. The group was formed in 2000 and was born from the ashes of the bands His Hero Is Gone and Deathtreat.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak, Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "village    entity is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located in Kiseljak Municipality and Central Bosnia Canton, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "screen writer    entity is a 1965 Italian comedy film. The film is split into three distinct segments, each directed by a different director; namely Carlo Lizzani, Ettore Scola and Gian Luigi Polidoro.", "screen writer    entity is a film, an Italian comedy made up of three episodes, shot in 1965 and directed by Carlo Lizzani, Ettore Scola and Gian Luigi Polidoro.", "album    entity is a song by American nu metal band Limp Bizkit from their fifth studio album, Gold Cobra . Notable for showcasing the guitar playing of Wes Borland and production by DJ Lethal. Written by Fred Durst, Borland, DJ Lethal, John Otto and Sam Rivers, the song describes sitting at home brandishing a shotgun.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band Limp Bizkit. This song is from their sixth studio album, Gold Cobra, and was written by Fred Durst, Borland DJ Lethal, John Otto and Sam Rivers.", "album    entity is a song written by John Lennon, released as a single in 1971, credited to John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band. It was issued on Apple Records and in the US peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 10 on the Cashbox Top 100. It also charted at number 6 on the British singles chart. The song's first appearance on album was the 1975 compilation Shaved Fish. The song was used as a campaign theme song for the 2016 and the 2020 U.S. presidential campaigns of Bernie Sanders.", "album    entity is a song by John Lennon, released as a single in March 1971. It is one of his first politically charged songs, and one of the most virulent.", "soccer player    entity is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays as a winger for Cypriot club Anorthosis.", "soccer player    entity is a Cypriot international footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. He currently plays for Swiss club FC Sion.", "soccer player    entity is a former football player who played as a goalkeeper. He was born in Fribourg. He played for Neuch\u00e2tel Xamax which won two Swiss Premier League in 1987 and 1988, and also for FC Zurich and RC Strasbourg. He close his career in 2000. For Switzerland national football team he got 6 international caps in 1988 and was in roster for Euro 1996, but never played a match at the tournament.", "soccer player    entity is a Swiss international footballer, born March 16, 1964 in Fribourg. He was playing as a goalkeeper.", "tennis player    entity is an American former professional ice hockey right winger who played 38 games in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Blackhawks and Philadelphia Flyers.", "tennis player    entity is an American professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Raekwon, released on August 1, 1995, by Loud Records and RCA Records. The album was loosely composed to play like a film with Raekwon as the \"star,\" fellow Wu-Tang member Ghostface Killah as the \"guest-star,\" and producer RZA as the \"director.\" It features appearances from every member of the Wu-Tang Clan except for Ol' Dirty Bastard. The album also features debut appearances for affiliates Cappadonna and Blue Raspberry. It also features an acclaimed guest appearance from rapper Nas, which marked the first collaboration with a non-affiliated artist on a Wu-Tang related album.", "album    entity is Raekwon's debut studio album, released August 1, 1995. The album ranked #2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #4 on the Billboard 200, and was certified gold. by the RIAA on October 2, 1995.The album was composed like a movie, with Raekwon as the title character, Ghostface Killah as guest star and RZA as the director. All members of the Wu-Tang Clan participate in the album, as well as affiliate members Cappadonna and Blue Raspberry.", "album    entity is the ninth studio album by John Frusciante, released on September 12, 2012 in Japan, in Europe on September 24, and internationally on September 25 on Record Collection. The album was released in multiple formats, including CD, vinyl, 32-bit digital formats and cassette. Self-produced by Frusciante, the album was preceded by the EP Letur-Lefr and the free download \"Walls and Doors\".", "album    entity is the eleventh studio album by John Frusciante, released on September 12, 2012 in Japan, and September 25, 2012 internationally on Record Collection. The album was released in several formats, including CD, vinyl, 32-bit digital and cassette formats.Self-produced by John Frusciante, the album was preceded by the EP, Letur-Lefr 2012. It mixes influences of experimental rock, electronica and elements of hip-hop.", "music genre    entity is a genre of electronic dance music that is predominantly characterized by a repetitive and hard four on the floor beat which is generally produced for use in a continuous DJ set. The central rhythm is often in common time , while the tempo typically varies between 120 and 150 beats per minute . Artists may use electronic instruments such as drum machines, sequencers, and synthesizers, as well as digital audio workstations. Drum machines from the 1980s such as Roland's TR-808 and TR-909 are highly prized, and software emulations of such retro instruments are popular.", "music genre    entity is a genre of electronic music that emerged in the United States in the 1980s.", "comics creator    entity is best known as a historian and author especially after his famous work Histoire du Sine-Saloum which was officially published in 1949 and peer reviewed by historians.", "comics creator    entity is a Senegalese historian, writer and politician, whose ancestors distinguished themselves in the pre-colonial Serer kingdoms of Sine and Saloum around the 14th century. They also constituted the sulbal \u0183e class of the Fouta Toro ,.", "album    entity is a greatest hits compilation album by English Britpop band Blur, first released in late 2000 and is the final Blur album by Food Records. It was released on CD, cassette tape, MiniDisc, double 12\" vinyl record, DVD and VHS. The CD album includes 17 of Blur's 23 singles from 1990 to 2000, plus non-single, \"This Is a Low\". A special edition of the CD version included a live CD. The DVD/VHS version contains the videos of Blur's first 22 singles. The album, which has had enduring sales, hit number 3 in the band's native UK in the autumn of 2000, while denting the US charts at number 186. The cover is by artist Julian Opie. The painting of this Blur album can be found at the National Portrait Gallery in London, England.", "album    entity is a compilation of 18 Blur singles released between 1990 and 2000. This CD, double following edition, was released on October 30, 2000. Note that there is a version of this album on VHS/DVD, on which are recorded the 22 clips of the group from 1990 to 2000.", "album    entity is the twelfth studio album by English post-punk band Killing Joke, released on 3 April 2006 by Cooking Vinyl.", "album    entity is available on CD and double colored blue vinyl, limited to 3,000 copies. The recording was made under fairly difficult conditions. The bias consisted in reconnecting with the brutal sound of the group, as one can hear it on the very first albums of the early 1980s.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, released from his fourth studio album, The Eminem Show, in 2002. It is the 18th track on the album, and features American rapper Nate Dogg performing the hook. Despite never being released as a single, the song has managed to chart numerous times worldwide and is one of Eminem's most streamed songs on Spotify, with over 1 billion streams, as of 17 February 2021.", "album    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem in collaboration with Nate Dogg from the album The Eminem Show released in 2002. Written and composed by Eminem, Nate Dogg and Luis Resto, produced by Eminem, it was not released as than single. The song is distributed by Interscope Records, Aftermath Entertainment, Dr.", "album    entity is the fourth studio album by Icelandic recording artist Bj\u00f6rk. It was released on 27 August 2001 in the United Kingdom by One Little Indian Records and in the United States by Elektra Entertainment. Production on the album began during the filming of Dancer in the Dark, which was characterized by conflict between her and director Lars von Trier. entity's sound reflected Bj\u00f6rk's newly found interest in the music of artists such as Opiate and Console, who were also enlisted as producers.", "album    entity is the fifth album by Icelandic artist Bj\u00f6rk, released on August 27, 2001. This album is rather cold, intimate and quiet, unlike Homogenic.", "video game    entity is a position for a baseball or softball player. When a batter takes their turn to hit, the catcher crouches behind home plate, in front of the umpire, and receives the ball from the pitcher. In addition to this primary duty, the catcher is also called upon to master many other skills in order to field the position well. The role of the catcher is similar to that of the wicket-keeper in cricket, but in cricket, wicketkeepers are increasingly known for their batting abilities.", "video game    entity is a baseball player who receives balls from the pitcher. Placed between the other team's batter and the umpire, he crouched behind home plate, making him the only field position player to be \"outside\" when the ball is thrown by the pitcher. One of the main roles of the catcher in a baseball game is to instruct the pitcher on the type of pitch to make.", "village    entity is a village in the municipality of Vi\u0161egrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "village    entity is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located in the municipality of Vi\u0161egrad and in the Serbian Republic of Bosnia. According to the first results of the Bosnian census of 2013, it has 39 inhabitants.", "comics creator    entity is a British fantasy and science fiction author. He is best known for his series Shadows of the Apt, and for his novel Children of Time. Tchaikovsky's novel Children of Time won the 30th Arthur C. Clarke Award on 24 August 2016 at a ceremony in London and was described by author James Lovegrove as \"superior stuff, tackling big themes \u2013 gods, messiahs, artificial intelligence, alienness \u2013 with brio\".", "comics creator    entity is a British fantasy, horror and science fiction novelist. His novel In the Web of Time won the 2016 Arthur-C.-Clarke Prize while The Tiger and the Wolf won the 2017 British Fantasy Prize.", "album    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, from her fourth studio album Red . Swift wrote the song with producers Max Martin and Shellback. A dance-pop and pop rock song with a dubstep refrain, entity features an electric guitar and synthesizers. Its lyrics are about self-blame after a toxic relationship. The dubstep production divided music critics, who noted it as a radical move from Swift's previous country pop songs.", "album    entity is a song by American artist Taylor Swift from her fourth studio album Red. The title is made available for download from October 9, 2012 and quickly becomes No. 1 in sales on iTunes. It appears under the Big Machine Records label.", "saint    entity was a princess of Raiatea and Tahaa from the family, a Polynesian royal family. She was wife of Ari'imate of Huahine, founder of the Teururai dynasty which reigned on the Tahitian island of Huahin\u00e9 and Maia'o during the 19th century. She was Queen of Huahine and Maia'o and later Queen regnant in her own right. Comteporary sources seems to call her Tehaapapa I instead, disregarding the ruling queen by the same name at the time Captain Cook visited the island. Se was installed as Queen of Huahine in 1868 until her death in 1893.", "saint    entity is a 19th century Polynesian sovereign. She reigned over the small independent kingdom of Huahine and Maia'o from September 1868 until her death in May 1893. Born Princess Maerehia in Tamatoa, she descended directly from the Tamatoa line of Raiatea.", "village    entity is a municipality in the Elbe-Elster district, in Brandenburg, Germany.", "village    entity is a municipality of Brandenburg, located in the district of Elbe-Elster.Brandenburg Portal Brandenburg Portal", "film    entity is a 1997 classical album by John Harle, featuring Elvis Costello, Sarah Leonard, and Andy Sheppard.", "film    entity is an album by John Harle and Elvis Costello released in 1997.", "film    entity is a Chilean action television series created by Nona Fern\u00e1ndez, that aired on the main channel of Televisi\u00f3n Nacional de Chile from March 14, to October 5, 2011, starring Sigrid Alegr\u00eda, Francisco Reyes, Marcelo Alonso, Amparo Noguera, Basti\u00e1n Bodenh\u00f6fer, and Mauricio Pesutic.", "film    entity is a Chilean telenovela broadcast in 2011 by TVN.", "place    entity is the sixth studio album by German power metal band Helloween, released in 1994. It is the first to feature new members Andi Deris and Uli Kusch. This album contains four singles, which are \"Where The Rain Grows\", \"Mr. Ego \", \"Perfect Gentleman\", and \"Sole Survivor\", with corresponding videos for the first three. \"Mr. Ego\" was dedicated to the band's former singer, Michael Kiske, and was released as an EP in Europe.", "place    entity is the sixth studio album by German band Helloween, released in 1994. The album marks the arrival of new members, Andi Deris on vocals and Uli Kusch on drums. entity contains four singles: Where The Rain Grows, Mr. Ego, Perfect Gentleman, and Sole Survivor. All singles come with a music video except for Sole Survivor. The clip Mr.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a landlocked country in east/central Africa. It is bordered to the east by Ethiopia, to the north by Sudan, to the west by the Central African Republic, to the southwest by Democratic Republic of the Congo, to the south by Uganda and to the southeast by Kenya. It has a population of 11.06 million, of which 525,953 live in the capital and largest city Juba.", "governmental administrative region    entity is a federal state in East Africa, without access to the sea, independent from Sudan since July 9, 2011, whose capital and largest city is Juba.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward who played for the Chicago Blackhawks and Minnesota North Stars in the National Hockey League. He was honored in 1991 as the Frank J. Selke Trophy winner for outstanding defensive play by a forward. Graham served as head coach of the Blackhawks during the 1998\u201399 season before being relieved of his duties after 59 games. Graham was the first NHL captain of African descent.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey coach and player who played as a right winger.", "soccer manager    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. He spent most of his career in the National Hockey League with the Montreal Canadiens, Tampa Bay Lightning and Ottawa Senators. Pyatt also played in the National League with Gen\u00e8ve-Servette HC and the SC Rapperswil-Jona Lakers and in the Swedish Hockey League with Skellefte\u00e5 AIK. He is the son of former NHL player Nelson Pyatt and brother of retired hockey player Taylor Pyatt.", "soccer manager    entity is a professional ice hockey player. He is the son of National Hockey League player Nelson Pyatt and the brother of Taylor Pyatt, he has another brother who is named Jesse.", "musical artist    entity was a French hip hop collective that was composed of three bands: , and . It formed in 1997 and separated in 2007 after the departure of one of its leaders , . The name Sa\u00efan Supa was a reference to the Super Saiyan from the manga and anime Dragon Ball Z/GT. Their second album, X Raisons, was awarded a Victoire de la musique in 2002 for Best Rap/Groove album. entity contributed a short rap section on the song \"Flight Tonight\" by the Avalanches, which appears on their 2000 debut album, Since I Left You.", "musical artist    entity was a rap collective composed of several groups: Explicit Samoura\u00ef, OFX and Simple Spirit. It was one of the first French rap groups to produce songs touching on musical universes as varied as bossa nova, reggae or zouk which they are imbued with, and to experience such a dazzling career on the European and international.", "album    entity is the second studio album by American singer Anthony Hamilton. It was released on September 23, 2003, by So So Def Recordings and Arista Records. The album debuted at number 33 on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 33,000 copies, while peaking at number six on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. entity was certified platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America on December 2, 2004, and as of December 2005, it had sold 1.2 million copies in the United States.", "album    entity is the second album by American RnB/Nu Soul singer Anthony Hamilton, released on July 15, 2003 on So So Def Recordings/Zomba Label Group/Arista Records. Upon its release, it ranked at number 33 on the US Billboard 200 chart in October 2003 with 33,000 copies sold in its first week, remaining 76 weeks on the chart.", "disease    entity is the second studio album by American metalcore band Atreyu. It was released on June 29, 2004, under Victory Records. The album went on to produce three singles, \"Bleeding Mascara\" \"Right Side of the Bed\" and \"The Crimson\". The videos for \"Right Side of the Bed\" and \"The Crimson\" achieved much airplay on television networks such as MTV2 and Fuse. The songs also received airplay on some radio stations across various countries. Since its release, entity has gone on to sell more than 500,000 copies and it was certified gold by the RIAA on September 14, 2020.", "disease    entity is the second studio album by American metalcore band Atreyu. The album was released on June 29, 2004 under the Victory Records label. Two singles were taken from this album: Right Side of the Bed and The Crimson. Their videos have been shown many times on music TV channels such as MTV2 or FUSE.", "screen writer    entity is an English actor. Typecast as an antihero, he is known for action-thriller films and portraying tough, irredeemable, and machiavellian characters. Statham began practising Chinese martial arts, kickboxing, and karate recreationally in his youth while working at local market stalls. An avid footballer and diver, he was a member of Britain's national diving team and competed for England in the 1990 Commonwealth Games. Shortly after, he was asked to model for French Connection, Tommy Hilfiger, and Levi's in various advertising campaigns. His past history working at market stalls inspired his casting in the Guy Ritchie crime films Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch .", "screen writer    entity is a British actor, born July 26, 1967 in Chesterfield.", "christian bishop    entity is the former spiritual leader of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church. He was elected on November 29, 2000, succeeding Patriarch Maximos V Hakim. He retired on May 6, 2017. In addition, he served as the Spiritual Protector of the United Obediences of the Order of Saint Lazarus.", "christian bishop    entity is the current Patriarch of the Melkite Catholic Church, with the title of Patriarch of Antioch and of all the East, from Alexandria and Jerusalem of the Melkites.", "record label    entity is a Japanese holding company for various entertainment companies. Its subsidiaries include the talent agency Up-Front Promotion and Up-Front Works, a music production and sales company that manages such record labels as Zetima, Piccolo Town, and Hachama.", "record label    entity is a Japanese music label specializing in Jpop, belonging to the Japanese company Up-Front Works. The label is linked to the record company King Records, and publishes the discs of several Hello! Project, notably those of Maki Goto, Berryz K\u014db\u014d, or vu-den.", "tennis player    entity is an American former professional ice hockey player who played six seasons in the National Hockey League . Preissing played in 326 NHL games with the San Jose Sharks, Ottawa Senators, Los Angeles Kings and the Colorado Avalanche. Preissing was born in Arlington Heights, Illinois, but grew up in Rosemount, Minnesota.", "tennis player    entity is an American professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "album    entity is a 1986 song by Prince and The Revolution, from the album Parade, the soundtrack to the film Under the Cherry Moon. It was written by The Revolution members Wendy & Lisa together with Prince. The extended 12\" single version of the song runs nearly ten minutes. entity was often performed in his live concerts. A music video, directed by Prince was released in April 1986.", "album    entity is a Prince & The Revolution song from the Parade album, soundtrack to the movie Under the Cherry Moon. The track was written and composed by Prince, keyboardist Lisa Coleman and guitarist Wendy Melvoin. The long version of entity released on 12\" vinyl is 10 minutes long.", "album    entity is a song by American singer Michael Jackson from his ninth studio album HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book I . It was released on August 15, 1995, as the second single from the album. entity was Jackson's thirteenth and final number-one US single during his lifetime. After his death in June 2009, Kelly paid tribute by including a version of the song on his album Love Letter . In 2011, a clip of the song was remixed with the Jackson song \"I Just Can't Stop Loving You\"; the final \"Immortal Version\" was released on the Immortal album.", "album    entity is a song by Michael Jackson that was released on the album HIStory on June 20, 1995, and released as a single on August 15 of the same year. The song was recorded at the Chicago Recording Company in Chicago, Illinois. the HIStory album and on the single, R'n'B singer-songwriter R. Kelly is credited with lyrics and music. It was the first and only single to make its first appearance directly at number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100.[ref.", "village    entity is a river in New Guinea. entity Mine is located near the headwaters of the river, which is sourced in the Star Mountains. It is the second largest tributary of the Fly River. Nearly the entirety of the river runs through the North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea, but the river crosses the international boundary with Indonesia for less than one kilometre. The largest settlement of the Western Province, Tabubil is located near its banks.", "village    entity is one of the two main tributaries of the Fly River in Papua New Guinea. The name \"Ok Tedi\" comes from the Yonggom people living on the west bank of the river.", "album    entity is an American musician, predominantly a guitarist. The entity discography currently includes 329 studio albums , 1 live album, 4 special releases, 1 extended play, 5 demo tapes, 3 solo DVD video releases, 2 DVD video releases with Cornbugs, 3 music videos, 7 unreleased albums , 3 solo videography releases, and 16 videography releases with other artists.", "album    entity is Buckethead's 53rd studio album. It is also the 23rd album in the \"Buckethead Pikes\" series. It was released August 17, 2013 in limited and digital release. The digital version can be downloaded directly via PayPal while the limited version, of 300 copies only, was delivered with a blank cover autographed and numbered by Buckethead.", "basketball team    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Podolsk, Moscow Oblast, Russia. They are members of the Bobrov Division of the Kontinental Hockey League. In the first few seasons of the KHL, the team was widely known for playing a tough and physical North American-influenced style of hockey.", "basketball team    entity is a professional ice hockey club in Russia, located in Podolsk, Moscow Oblast.", "cricketer    entity is an Angola born Congolese footballer who plays as a winger.", "cricketer    entity is a Congolese international footballer born September 6, 1981 in Luanda, . He is a 1.66 m striker for 61 kg.", "military conflict    entity was a conflict between a Continental Army force commanded by Brigadier General William Alexander , and an opposing British force commanded by Lieutenant General William Howe. The battle took place on June 26, 1777, at Scotch Plains and Edison, New Jersey, during the American Revolutionary War. Despite the name, no fighting occurred in modern-day Short Hills, a section of Millburn.", "military conflict    entity is a battle of the American Revolutionary War which took place on June 26, 1777.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 11 June 1995 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, Montreal. It was the sixth race of the 1995 Formula One season. It produced the only Grand Prix victory for French driver Jean Alesi. This was seen as a popular victory, as Alesi had waited over five years for a victory and he was driving the red number 27 Ferrari, as driven by Canadian Gilles Villeneuve. Adding to the victory was the fact that the win also occurred on Alesi's 31st birthday, plus with Alesi being French, the local crowd had an affinity for him due to Qu\u00e9bec's sentimental connection with France. This race also marked the last time to date that a Grand Prix was won by a car with a V12 engine, as well as the only race of the season won by a non-Renault-powered car.", "formula one team    entity is the thirty-third edition of the Grand Prix, the 570th Formula One Grand Prix run since 1950 and the sixth round of the 1995 championship.", "village    entity is a Landkreis in the south of Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg, Germany. Neighbouring districts are L\u00f6rrach, Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald and Schwarzwald-Baar; followed in the south by the Swiss cantons of Schaffhausen, Z\u00fcrich and Aargau.", "village    entity is a district of Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg located in the district of Freiburg im Breisgau. Its capital is Waldshut-Tiengen.", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kock, within Lubart\u8d38w County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Kock in Lubart\u00f3w County, Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "album    entity is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Bruce Springsteen. It was released on October 17, 1980, by Columbia Records. Springsteen's only double album, entity was produced by Jon Landau, Springsteen, and bandmate Steven Van Zandt. The album was Springsteen's first to go number one on the Billboard 200 and spent four weeks at the top of the charts. \"entity\" was nominated for Best Rock Vocal Performance at the 1982 Grammy Awards.", "album    entity is a double album by Bruce Springsteen, released on October 17, 1980 and produced by Jon Landau, Bruce Springsteen and Steven Van Zandt.", "screen writer    entity is an American musician, actor, and activist. The critical success of the album Shotgun Willie , combined with the critical and commercial success of Red Headed Stranger and Stardust , made Nelson one of the most recognized artists in country music. He was one of the main figures of outlaw country, a subgenre of country music that developed in the late 1960s as a reaction to the conservative restrictions of the Nashville sound. Nelson has acted in over 30 films, co-authored several books, and has been involved in activism for the use of biofuels and the legalization of marijuana.", "screen writer    entity is an American country music actor, producer, singer and guitarist. His name is more particularly attached to the \u201cOutlaw Country\u201d style. With Waylon Jennings, Nelson enjoyed success in the early 1970s thanks to a new country genre that no longer met the criteria of the \u201cNashville sound\u201d.", "screen writer    entity is a South Korean film director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for directing the 2011 crime drama film Silenced, and for creating the 2021 Netflix survival drama series Squid Game.", "screen writer    entity is a Korean screenwriter and director. He won the Crystal Heart Award at the Heartland Film Festival in 2004 in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States for his short film Miracle Mile.", "prefecture    entity is a prefecture-level city on the Songhua river in Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China. The city is separated from Russia by the Amur River and has an international border of 246 kilometres . At the 2010 census, entity has a total population of 1,148,126 while 729,202 people live in 15 districts separated by forests. The greening rate of entity is up to 83%. The nickname of entity is Lindu .", "prefecture    entity is a city in Heilongjiang Province, northeast China. It is located on the Songhua River. Its population is approximately 883,000. Another Chinese city with more than 100,000 inhabitants bears the same name. It is located in Jiangxi Province: see entity.", "village    entity is a municipality in the district of Waldshut in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg in Germany.", "village    entity is a municipality in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg, located in the district of Waldshut, in the district of Freiburg im Breisgau.Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg Portal Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg Portal", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrz\u81cbbia, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres north-east of Radom and 87 km south of Warsaw.", "village    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Jastrz\u0119bia in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "album    entity is a German thrash metal band from Frankfurt, founded in 1982. Alongside Kreator, Destruction and Sodom, entity is often considered one of the 'Big Four' of Teutonic thrash metal. Stylistically, entity have consistently played thrash metal that thematically centres primarily on alcohol reverence.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by German thrash metal band Tankard. The album was released in 1995 under the Noise Records label. This is the band's last album released under this label. It is Tankard's first album recorded with drummer Olaf Zissel and without guitarist Axel Katzmann. It is also the band's first album recorded with four members, including a single guitarist.", "noble    entity was killed at the Battle of Marengo. He led an infantry brigade in the 1805 campaign and commanded a dragoon division in 1806 and 1807. In 1809 he became chief of staff to Marshal Andr\u00e9 Mass\u00e9na but ran afoul of Emperor Napoleon and was banished from the army for several years.", "noble    entity is written d elsewhere in his birthplace Obernai.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Chelyabinsk, Russia. They are members of the Kharlamov Division of the Eastern Conference of the Kontinental Hockey League . From 1967 to 2009 the team played their home games at the Yunost Sport Palace. In 2009 the team moved to the arena now called Traktor Ice Arena named after Valery Belousov, their present home arena in Chelyabinsk.", "sports league    entity is a professional ice hockey club from Russia, based in Chelyabinsk.", "album    entity is the debut EP by American rock band the Strokes. It was released on January 29, 2001 in the United Kingdom and May 22, 2001 in the United States, sparking a bidding war among record labels, the largest for a rock band in years. All the songs were re-recorded for their debut album, Is This It, with slightly different lyrics and song structures.", "album    entity is an EP by The Strokes released in 2001.", "album    entity is the first official live album by English heavy metal band Black Sabbath. The previously released Live at Last was not sanctioned by the band. entity peaked at number 37 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.", "album    entity is a Black Sabbath album released in late 1982. Recorded during the Mob Rules World Tour, it is the band's first official live album. Lead singer Ronnie James Dio left the band soon after.", "sea    entity is the third album released by the power metal band Dragonland, and the first not to deal with \"The Dragonland Chronicles\". The music for entity was mainly written between June 2003 and May 2004 after arriving home from their 2003 Japan tour. The song, \"To the End of the World\", from this album, was performed during that tour, before it was even recorded. A demo version of \"As Madness Took Me\" can be found on YouTube.", "sea    entity is the third studio album by Swedish power metal band Dragonland. The album was released on October 27, 2004 through Century Media Records.", "cricketer    entity is a Danish-born Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a centre-back. He regularly features as an expert in the sports media Mediano.", "cricketer    entity is a Ghanaian footballer, born December 13, 1982 in Copenhagen, Denmark. He occupies the position of stopper and has been without a club since the end of his contract at Cercle Bruges KSV in June 2013.", "video game    entity was an American video game developer founded in 1991 by Lode Coen, Mark Klein, Ken Melville, Anne Flaut-Reed, Kevin Welsh and Tom Zito. The company originated from an attempt to produce a game for the failed VHS-based NEMO game system. One of its first titles, Night Trap was originally produced as a title for the NEMO, before being converted for use with Sega's new Sega CD. The mature-themed content of Night Trap made it the source of some controversy. Nevertheless, the title was a bestseller. entity went on to create other full motion video-based titles primarily for Sega hardware, and are regarded as a pioneer of the interactive movie genre. However, the company declined in the mid-1990s due to waning interest in full motion video games. I", "video game    entity is behind several Full Motion Video games.", "screen writer    entity was a major general in the United States Army.", "screen writer    entity is a major general in the United States Army.", "musical artist    entity is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer, best known as the drummer and co-producer of the alternative rock band Garbage and the producer of the diamond-selling Nirvana album Nevermind. His work on the latter earned him the nickname the Nevermind Man. In 2012, Vig ranked number nine in NME's Top 50 Greatest Producers Ever.", "musical artist    entity is a drummer born on August 2, 1955 in the United States, in Wisconsin. He is the producer of several rock albums which marked their generation like Nevermind of Nirvana, Gish of Smashing Pumpkins or Dirty of Sonic Youth, but also of lesser known groups such as the Laughing Hyenas. He is also the drummer of the group Garbage which he produced with his friends Steve Marker and Duke Erikson, also from Wisconsin, whom he met at the 'universe", "album    entity is a song by American heavy metal band M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce. It was originally released in 1985 on the album Theatre of Pain, and again in 1991 for the Decade of Decadence 81-91 compilation album. It has been recorded as a cover version by several artists, most notably country singer Carrie Underwood, who released her version as a single in 2009.", "album    entity is a song by the American band M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce. The track is taken from the album Theater of Pain and was released as a single on September 30, 1985. The song was remixed in 1991 and released on the Decade of Decadence compilation. VH1 ranked entity 12th best power ballad of all the temperature .", "video game    entity is a portable, cross-platform, free open source signal analysis software suite that supports various device types, such as logic analyzers, MSOs, oscilloscopes, multimeters, LCR meters, sound level meters, thermometers, hygrometers, anemometers, light meters, DAQs, data loggers, function generators, spectrum analyzers, power supplies, IEEE-488 interfaces, and more. It supports a wide variety of hardware. Protocol decoders are written in Python and can be stacked on top of each other.", "video game    entity is a free electronic signal analysis software suite supporting a multitude of measurement devices. PulseView is a graphical interface for this software.", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey forward currently with the Tohoku Free Blades of Asia League Ice Hockey .", "soccer manager    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He is playing as a winger.", "album    entity is the debut major label studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne. It was released on November 2, 1999, by Ca$h Money and Universal. Recording sessions took place from 1997 to 1999, with the executive production from Baby and Slim, all of these tracks were produced by Mannie Fresh himself. Prior to release, the album was known by the title I Ride at Night.", "album    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne, released on September 2, 1999 in the United States.", "screen writer    entity was an Italian film director. With Mario Monicelli, Luigi Comencini, Nanni Loy and Ettore Scola, he was one of the masters of commedia all'italiana.", "screen writer    entity is an Italian director and screenwriter.", "cricketer    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey right winger who currently plays for HC Sierre in the Swiss League . Monnet began playing professional with HC Martigny of the National League B. He began at the top level with HC La Chaux-de-Fonds in 2000. Monnet was selected to play for the Swiss national team at the 2010 Winter Olympics. He previously represented Switzerland at the 1999 and 2000 IIHF World U18 Championship, the 2001 and 2002 IIHF World U20 Championships, and the 2007, 2008 and 2009 Ice Hockey World Championships.", "cricketer    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey player.", "village    entity is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.", "village    entity is a French commune located in the Tarn department and the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region. Its inhabitants are called Briatextois", "film    entity is an American musical comedy-drama television series that aired on the Fox network in the United States from May 19, 2009, to March 20, 2015. It centers on the glee club called the New Directions at the fictional William McKinley High School which competes as a show choir while its disparate members deal with social issues, especially regarding sexuality, race, family, teen relationships and teamwork.", "film    entity is an American musical television series created by Ian Brennan, Brad Falchuk and Ryan Murphy and broadcast since May 19, 2009 on the Fox network and simultaneously in Canada since September 2, 2009 on the Global network until December 5, 2013, then simultaneously on Citytv since February 25, 2014. In France, the series has been broadcast since June 6, 2010 on the pay-TV channel OCS Happy and since March 29, 2011 on M6 then W9 in a multilingual version.", "video game    entity is a subgenre of video games that combines core elements from both the action game and role-playing genre.", "video game    entity is a type of role-playing video game incorporating action game aspects. The principle of the game is generally that of a role-playing game: the player generally embodies a single character and the game takes place in real. The majority of these games take place in the third person, with a camera closer to the character than in traditional role-playing games.", "musical artist    entity was an American country music and cajun singer-songwriter and long-time star of the Grand Ole Opry.", "musical artist    entity is a singer and guitarist of country music and Cajun music. He had been a member of the Grand Ole Opry since 1956. Jimmy C. Newman is probably one of the most well-known and recognized Cajun musicians.", "dam    entity is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, and a left hand tributary of the Rhine. It flows through the largest German wine region, Rheinhessen . It rises near the village of Orbis in the county of Donnersbergkreis, crosses the border from the Palatinate into Rhenish Hesse and after about 8 kilometres the town of Alzey in the Alzey-Worms district. There the river passes a pond, and disappears underground, flowing through ditches under the town. On its way it passes through Gau-Odernheim, Nieder-Olm and Ingelheim, before finally discharging into the Rhine in , a district of Ingelheim.", "dam    entity is a tributary of the Rhine, located in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany. Its length is about 63 km. The surface of its catchment area is 389 km2.", "album    entity is a song by American alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins, written by lead vocalist and guitarist Billy Corgan. The song, though seemingly upbeat, contains dark lyrics. Corgan wrote the song about a day in which he was having suicidal thoughts, exemplified by the reference to self-mutilation in the bridge. The contrast between the grim subject matter of the song and the soft instrumental part during the verses, coupled with use of irony in the lyrics, left many listeners unaware of the song's tale of depression and desperation. The song alternates between quiet, dreamy verses and loud choruses with layered, distorted guitar.", "album    entity is a single by American rock band The Smashing Pumpkins, taken from their second album Siamese Dream.", "single    entity is the lightest color and is achromatic . It is the color of snow, chalk, and milk, and is the opposite of black. entity objects fully reflect and scatter all the visible wavelengths of light. entity on television and computer screens is created by a mixture of red, blue, and green light. The color white can be given with white pigments, especially titanium dioxide.", "single    entity is a chromatic field characterized by an impression of strong luminosity, without any dominant hue. For some, inspired by the experiments of decomposition and recomposition of light by Isaac Newton, white is not a color, but \"it is the tint obtained by mixing the light of all the colors\u201d.", "album    entity is a song by American rock band Toto from their 1978 eponymous debut studio album. Written by the band's keyboardist David Paich, the lead vocals on the song were performed by Bobby Kimball. entity was released as the band's debut single and lead single from the Toto album on October 2, 1978, by Columbia Records. It became a huge hit for the band, reaching number five on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 14 on the UK Singles Chart.", "album    entity is one of the rock band Toto's signature tracks. This hit, composed in 1977 by David Paich, was recorded on the group's self-titled debut album, Toto, released in 1978. In addition, this track rose to number five on the American charts, which gave the group a certain notoriety from the start. The song Mon son by French rapper Booba features a sample of this track.", "film    entity is a 2001 satirical black comedy mystery film directed by Robert Altman and written by Julian Fellowes. It was influenced by Jean Renoir's French classic, La R\u00e8gle du jeu . The TV series Downton Abbey \u2013 written and created by Fellowes \u2013 was originally planned as a spin-off of entity, but instead was developed as a standalone property inspired by the film, and set earlier in the 20th century .", "film    entity is a British mystery film by Robert Altman written by Julian Fellowes from an original idea by Robert Altman, released in 2001. This film evokes a hunting party in a large English estate in the 1930s.", "political party    entity is a centre-left and pro-European social-democratic political party in Slovenia led by Tanja Fajon. From 1993 until 2005, the party was known as the United List of Social Democrats . It is the successor of the League of Communists of Slovenia. As of 2021, the party is in opposition in the Slovenian parliament, and is a full member of the Progressive Alliance.", "political party    entity are a centre-left political party in Slovenia.", "village    entity is a commune and town in the south-west of France, in the department of Charente-Maritime in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. Its inhabitants are known as entitynais and entitynaises. Capital of the C\u00f4te de Beaut\u00e9, entity is one of the main French Atlantic coastal resort towns, and has five beaches, a marina for over 1,000 boats, and an active fishing port. As of 2013, the population of the greater urban area was 48,982. The town had 18,393 inhabitants in 2015.", "village    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Charente-Maritime department.", "village    entity is one of 11 districts of Nanjing, the capital of Jiangsu province, China. entity is an urban centre located in the north-eastern part of Nanjing. It is the site of the .", "village    entity is an administrative subdivision of Jiangsu Province in China. It comes under the jurisdiction of the sub-provincial city of Nanjing.", "screen writer    entity is a 2014 French-American drama film directed by Rachid Bouchareb and co-written with Olivier Lorelle and Yasmina Khadra. The film stars Forest Whitaker, Harvey Keitel, Ellen Burstyn, Luis Guzm\u00e1n and Brenda Blethyn. The film is a remake of the Jos\u00e9 Giovanni film Deux hommes dans la ville. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival. It was released in the United States by Cohen Media Group to theaters and iTunes on March 6, 2015.", "screen writer    entity is a Franco-American crime film co-produced, co-written and directed by Rachid Bouchareb, released in 2014. Originally titled Bill's Law, this film is adapted from Two Men in the City by Jos\u00e9 Giovanni, released in 1973.", "american football player    entity is an American former professional football player who was a defensive tackle for nine seasons for the Minnesota Vikings, the Green Bay Packers, the Seattle Seahawks and the Philadelphia Eagles from 1985 to 1993 in the National Football League .", "american football player    entity is an American football player.", "album    entity is the second studio album by Jack Johnson, who provided the vocals and guitars. It was released in 2003 on Universal Records. Adam Topol played drums and percussion while Merlo Podlewski played bass guitar. The album was recorded at The Mango Tree studios in Hawaii. A different version of the track \"Rodeo Clowns\" was originally published as a collaboration with G. Love & Special Sauce on the latter's 1999 album Philadelphonic.", "album    entity is Jack Johnson's second album released in 2003. Jack Johnson is the guitarist and vocalist, while Merlo Podlewski plays bass and Adam Topol plays drums and percussion. This album was recorded at The Mango Tree studios in Hawaii in 2002.", "musical artist    entity is an American record producer and songwriter. He started off as a keyboardist for the group the Roots.", "musical artist    entity is an American producer/composer, one of the most prominent of recent years in the United States. Scott is in fact one of the founding members of the musical composition The Roots in 1993. This group practices a Hip-hop strongly impregnated with Jazz rhythms. Scott played a leading role in the production of The Roots' Grammy-winning 1999 hit You Got Me. The same year he produced with Dr.", "album    entity is the seventh studio album by the Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell, released in 1975.", "album    entity is the 8th studio album by Canadian folk rock singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell. This album marks a turning point in Joni Mitchell's musical career, with a mix of folk, jazz and rock. Although less commercial than his earlier recordings, the album reached No. 4 on the Billboard chart.", "athlete    entity is an American former professional basketball power forward. Drafted in 2006 by the Denver Nuggets, Powe grew up in Oakland, California, and played college basketball at the University of California, Berkeley. He played his first three years in the NBA with the Boston Celtics and won a championship with the team in 2008. From 2009 to 2011, Powe played for the Cleveland Cavaliers. He also had a stint with the Memphis Grizzlies in 2011. After a stint in Puerto Rico, Powe announced his retirement in 2014 citing multiple injuries and his desire to become a businessman.", "athlete    entity is an American basketball player. A college star in the first year, he injured his knee and was only selected in 49th position in the 2006 NBA draft. NBA champion in 2008 with the Boston Celtics, he is currently playing as a strong winger in the franchise. Memphis Grizzlies.", "village    entity is a city in south-western Yemen. It is located at 14\u00b033\u20320\u2033N 44\u00b024\u20326\u2033E\ufeff / \ufeff14.55000\u00b0N 44.40167\u00b0E, at an elevation of around 2,400 m .", "village    entity is a city in southwestern Yemen. Located about 100 km south of Sanaa, it has an average elevation of 2,400 meters. It is the capital of entity Governorate.", "film    entity is a 2002 American romantic comedy film directed by Andy Tennant and starring Reese Witherspoon, Josh Lucas, Patrick Dempsey, Fred Ward, Mary Kay Place, Jean Smart, and Candice Bergen. It was released in the United States on September 27, 2002, by Buena Vista Pictures. The film takes its title from the 1974 Lynyrd Skynyrd song of the same name.", "film    entity is an American sentimental comedy produced in 2001 and released in 2002.", "village    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "village    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, populated by 144 inhabitants.", "album    entity is an album of contemporary classical music by American composer and saxophonist/multi-instrumentalist John Zorn consisting two tribute compositions for Marguerite Duras and Marcel Duchamp. All tracks were recorded at Avatar on May 1, 1997. The only exception being track 5, which was at Shelly Palmer Studio a month to the day prior.", "album    entity is an album by John Zorn composed of two parts which respectively pay homage to Marguerite Duras and Marcel Duchamp. The two parts are each played by a set of different musicians under the direction of John Zorn. It was released in 1997 on the Tzadik label.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey coach and former player.", "tennis player    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a song recorded by Colombian singer Shakira from her sixth studio album Fijaci\u00f3n Oral, Vol. 1 . It was written by Shakira and Lester Mendez and features Argentine singer-songwriter Gustavo Cerati, who also played the guitar and provided backing vocals to the song. entity was released as the second single from the album on 2 July 2005, by Epic Records. A Latin pop ballad, it explores a woman's effort in trying to tell her boyfriend that she no longer wants to be involved in a toxic relationship and that separating is best for both.", "album    entity is a song by Colombian singer Shakira, in collaboration with Gustavo Cerati. It is featured on his sixth studio album, Fijaci\u00f3n Oral Vol. 1, released in 2005, and was released as the second single from that album.", "grand prix    entity was held at the in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany from March 19\u201321, 1972. entity was the site of the infamous incident that led to the Curse of LaBonte.", "grand prix    entity was held in Germany in the city of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in the Olympic Eisstadion from March 19 to 21, 1972.It was in the final of these championships that an incident known as the curse of LaBonte took place", "soccer manager    entity was a Czech ice hockey defenceman. \u010cech played in the Czech Extraliga for HC Zl\u00edn and HC Lasselsberger Plze\u0148 before moving to Finland's SM-liiga, spending one season with JYP and two seasons with Pelicans. He then moved to the Russian Super League playing for Metallurg Magnitogorsk, HC Sibir Novosibirsk and Salavat Yulaev Ufa before returning to the Extraliga for HC Moeller Pardubice. He also represented the Czech Republic at international level. \u010cech was killed in a car crash on September 6, 2007. Despite being deceased, \u010cech appears in hockey video games: NHL 09, 10, and 11.", "soccer manager    entity was a Czech professional ice hockey player.", "album    entity is a song by English rock band Kasabian - the second single from their fifth studio album, 48:13. The single was released on 3 August 2014 as the follow-up to 48:13's lead single, \"eez-eh\". It peaked at #165 on the UK Singles Chart. The b-side, \"gelfling\", is named after the characters from the film The Dark Crystal, and is an electronic track without any main vocals.", "album    entity is the second single from the fifth studio album by British rock band Kasabian, released on 3 August 2014. It did not enter the UK Singles Sales Chart.", "screen writer    entity was an American screenwriter, one of the highest paid in the 1930s. After she and her husband John Sanford refused to testify in 1951 before the House Un-American Activities Committee, she was blacklisted for nine years and unable to get work in Hollywood. She was hired again in 1962 by Columbia Pictures.", "screen writer    entity was an American screenwriter .", "village    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna, within Mi\u0119dzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres east of Przytoczna, 21 km north-east of Mi\u0119dzyrzecz, 41 km south-east of Gorz\u00f3w Wielkopolski, and 75 km north of Zielona G\u00f3ra. The village has a population of 185.", "village    entity is a village in the gmina of Przytoczna in Mi\u0119dzyrzecz County and Lubusz Voivodeship in Poland. It is located about 10 kilometers east of Przytoczna, 21 kilometers northeast of Mi\u0119dzyrzecz and 41 kilometers southeast of Gorz\u00f3w Wielkopolski . The village has approximately 180 inhabitants.Poland Portal Poland Portal", "military conflict    entity are divided in two periods: the War of the First Coalition and the War of the Second Coalition . Initially confined to Europe, the fighting gradually assumed a global dimension. After a decade of constant warfare and aggressive diplomacy, France had conquered territories in the Italian Peninsula, the Low Countries and the Rhineland in Europe and abandoned Louisiana in North America. French success in these conflicts ensured the spread of revolutionary princi", "military conflict    entity are the conflicts that involved revolutionary France against other European countries, often in coalition, during the period between 1792 and the Treaty of Amiens in 1802.", "formula one team    entity was a Formula One motor race held at N\u00fcrburgring on 1 August 1971. It was race 7 of 11 in both the 1971 World Championship of Drivers and the 1971 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers.", "formula one team    Results of the 1971 Formula 1 German Grand Prix held at the N\u00fcrburgring on August 1, 1971.", "musical artist    entity is a Canadian guitarist, singer, and songwriter. He was a founding member of the bands The Guess Who and Bachman\u2013Turner Overdrive. Bachman recorded as a solo artist and was part of a number of short-lived bands such as Brave Belt, Union and Ironhorse. He was a national radio personality on CBC Radio, hosting the weekly music show, Vinyl Tap. Bachman was inducted into the Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum in 2016.", "musical artist    entity is a singer-songwriter and musician. He was the lead singer and guitarist for the Canadian band The Guess Who and Bachman-Turner Overdrive. Bachman was also a member of the rock groups Brave Belt with Chad Allan, Union, Ironhorse, and recorded several solo albums.", "album    entity is the debut single of Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne. It was released on 11 March 2002 as the lead single from her 2002 debut album, Let Go. The track was written by Lavigne and the Matrix and produced by the Matrix.", "album    entity is the debut single by Canadian singer Avril Lavigne, released in 2002 from her debut album Let Go. Australians, Spaniards and Mexicans. This single is therefore Avril Lavigne's second best hit, and is considered one of the biggest hits of 2002.", "film    entity is a 2010 American romantic comedy-drama film co-written and directed by Rob Reiner, and based on Wendelin Van Draanen's 2001 novel of the same name.", "film    entity is a 2010 American comedy-drama co-written, produced and directed by Rob Reiner.", "soccer player    entity is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Oeste.", "soccer player    entity is a Brazilian footballer. He plays striker in Palmeiras.", "screen writer    entity was an Italian-American cinematographer, five-time nominee for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography, and co-winner once in 1949.", "screen writer    entity was an American cinematographer of Italian descent, born Giuseppe Valentino on July 24, 1900 in New York City, died May 18, 1949 in Los Angeles \u2014 Cheviot Hills district ."]