["royal    entity was the second and last monarch of the Empire of Brazil, reigning for over 58 years. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, the seventh child of Emperor Dom Pedro I of Brazil and Empress Dona Maria Leopoldina and thus a member of the Brazilian branch of the House of Braganza. His father's abrupt abdication and departure to Europe in 1831 left the five-year-old as emperor and led to a grim and lonely childhood and adolescence, obliged to spend his time studying in preparation for rule. His experiences with court intrigues and political disputes during this period greatly affected his later character; he grew into a man with a strong sense of duty and devotion toward his country and his people, yet increasingly resentful", "royal    entity is the second and last emperor of Brazil, over which he reigns for over 58 years.", "music    entity is a song by Irish rock band U2. It is the third track on their fifth studio album, The Joshua Tree , and was released as the album's lead single on 16 March 1987. The song was the group's most successful single at the time, becoming their first number-one hit in both the United States and Canada by topping the Billboard Hot 100 for three weeks and the RPM national singles chart for one week, with a further three weeks at number two.", "music    entity is a song by Irish rock band U2, released as the lead single from their 1987 album The Joshua Tree on March 21, 1987.", "music    entity is the eighth track on the English band Pink Floyd's 1973 album, The Dark Side of the Moon. It is an instrumental written by David Gilmour, Richard Wright and Nick Mason.", "music    entity is an instrumental song from the album Dark Side of the Moon by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released in 1973.", "army    entity was a British Indian Army officer in the First and Second World Wars. Following its independence, he was the first Commander-in-Chief of the Pakistan Army . Previously, he had served as General Officer Commanding-in-Chief Northern Command, India in 1946 and 1947.", "army    entity was a British officer. He was an Honorary General of the Indian Army.", "music    entity is the fourth and final single released from English electronic music band Depeche Mode's eighth studio album, Songs of Faith and Devotion . Released on 10 January 1994, the song reached number eight on the UK Singles Chart and peaked at number two in Denmark, Finland, and Sweden.", "music    entity is Depeche Mode's fourth and final single from the album Songs of Faith and Devotion, and overall the 30th single which was released on January 10, 1994. It reached number 8 in the UK Singles Chart, and the 10th place in the Top 50 in France.", "sports team    entity are an American professional basketball team based in Atlanta. The Hawks compete in the National Basketball Association as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Southeast Division. The team plays its home games at State Farm Arena.", "sports team    entity is part of the National Basketball League. After 13 matches the team moved to Moline, Illinois.", "war    entity is a 2011 period mystery action film directed by Guy Ritchie and produced by Joel Silver, Lionel Wigram, Susan Downey, and Dan Lin. It is the sequel to the 2009 film Sherlock Holmes and features the Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson characters created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. The film's screenplay was written by Michele Mulroney and Kieran Mulroney. Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law reprised their roles as Holmes and Watson, respectively, alongside Noomi Rapace as Simza, Stephen Fry as Mycroft Holmes, and Jared Harris as Professor Moriarty. Rachel McAdams reprised her role as Irene Adler in a cameo appearance. Although the film follows an original premise, it incorporates elements of Conan Doyle's short stories \"The Final Problem\" and \"The Adventu", "war    entity is an Anglo-American film by Guy Ritchie, inspired by the characters created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and released in 2011 in the United Kingdom and the United States. It follows Sherlock Holmes released in 2009, with Robert Downey Jr. and Jude Law in the main roles.", "language    entity is one of two Coosan languages. It shares more than half of its vocabulary with Coos proper , though these are not always obvious, and grammatical differences cause the two languages to look quite different. Miluk started being displaced by Athabascan in the late 18th century, and many Miluk shifted to Athabascan and Hanis.", "language    entity is a Native American language of the Coos language family spoken in the United States, on the Oregon coast, south of Coos Bay. Edward Sapir included the Coos languages \u200b\u200bin his hypothesis of the Penutian languages, within of the Oregon Coast Penutian language subgroup. The language is extinct.", "war    entity is a Japanese novel series written by Atsuko Asano and published by Kodansha in nine volumes between October 2003 and June 2011. A manga adaptation drawn by Hinoki Kino was serialized in Kodansha's Aria magazine from January 2011 to November 2013. An 11-episode anime television series adaptation by Bones was broadcast on Fuji TV's Noitamina programming block from July to September 2011.", "war    entity is a bunko light novel series in nine volumes written by Atsuko Asano and published by K\u014ddansha between October 2003 and June 2011. Five volumes have been translated in France, by \u00e9ditions du Rocher. A manga drawn by Hinoki Kino is in progress publication in ARIA magazine since March 2011. There was also an animated series produced by the Bones studio broadcast between July 2011 and September 2011 on Fuji Television in the noitaminA slot.", "music    entity is the twelfth studio album by American rapper LL Cool J. It was released on September 9, 2008 on the record label Def Jam Recordings. This would be his last album release with the label.", "music    entity is the twelfth studio album by LL Cool J, released on September 9, 2008, and the last released on Def Jam. The album ranked #3 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #9 on the Billboard 200.", "actor    entity is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C., portrayed by Kelly Rowan. Kirsten is the wife of Sandy Cohen, mother to Seth Cohen, and the adoptive mother of Ryan Atwood. Originally portrayed as being unwelcoming towards Ryan in the Cohen household, she began to develop feelings for the brooding teenager, going on to accept him as a central member of her family.", "actor    entity is a fictional character from the television series Newport Beach. She is played by actress Kelly Rowan. Kirsten is Caleb Nichol's eldest daughter and Hailey Nichol's sister.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper 50 Cent from his debut studio album Get Rich or Die Tryin' . Written by 50 Cent, Dr. Dre and Mike Elizondo, and produced by Dr. Dre with co-production credit from Elizondo, the song, which uses an unconventional off-beat rhythm, was released in January 2003 as the album's lead single and peaked at number one on the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming 50 Cent's first number-one single.", "music    entity is a hip-hop song performed by rapper 50 Cent for his commercial debut album Get Rich or Die Tryin'. The song was produced by Dr. Dre with co-production by Mike Elizondo. 50 Cent, Dr. Dre, and Elizondo wrote the song. The song was released in January 2003 as the album's lead single and received positive reviews from music critics. entity took the top spot on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming 50 Cent's first number one single.", "singer    entity is a Swedish singer, musician, composer, producer, member of the Swedish music group ABBA and co-composer of the musicals Chess, Kristina fr\u00e5n Duvem\u00e5la, and Mamma Mia! For the 2008 film version of Mamma Mia! and its 2018 sequel, Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again, he worked also as an executive producer. Since 2001, he has been active with his own band Benny Anderssons orkester.", "singer    entity is a Swedish musician, singer and composer. He was a member of the ABBA group from 1970 to 1982.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Vend\u00e9e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Vend\u00e9e department in the Pays de la Loire region. Its inhabitants are the Germinois.", "music    entity is a fusion genre of the rhythms and production techniques of hip hop and dance-pop, and the urban contemporary sound of R&B. Spearheaded by producers Teddy Riley and Bernard Belle, new jack swing was most popular from the mid-1980s to mid-1990s. Its influence, along with hip hop, seeped into pop culture.", "music    entity is a musical genre, fusion between R&B and hip-hop, created in 1987 by producer Teddy Riley with the album Make it last forever by Keith Sweat and popularized thanks to his first productions, but especially with his first Guy group which he formed with singer Aaron Hall and Timmy Gatling. entity was characterized by dance songs set to \"swing\" hip-hop rhythms, with a very marked snare drum, all carried by a soulful voice /gospel.", "city    entity is a city and municipality in Vestland county on the west coast of Norway. As of 2021, its population is roughly 285,900. Bergen is the second-largest city in Norway. The municipality covers 465 square kilometres and is on the peninsula of Bergenshalv\u00f8yen. The city centre and northern neighbourhoods are on Byfjorden, 'the city fjord', and the city is surrounded by mountains; Bergen is known as the \"city of seven mountains\". Many of the extra-municipal suburbs are on islands. Bergen is the administrative centre of Vestland county. The city consists of eight boroughs: Arna, Bergenhus, Fana, Fyllingsdalen, Laksev\u00e5g, Ytrebygda, \u00c5rstad, and \u00c5sane.", "city    entity is a city in southwestern Norway, capital of the county of Hordaland. entity is the second largest city in the country with 272,520 inhabitants. It is also a port city, a university city, and a bishopric. The city is divided into eight bydeler, administrative equivalents of large districts: Arna, entityhus, Fana, Fyllingsdalen, Laksev\u00e5g, Ytrebygda, \u00c5rstad and \u00c5sane.", "music    entity is the eleventh and final studio album by British synth-pop band Ultravox. It was released on 25 May 2012 by Chrysalis Records. It is the group's first studio album in 18 years, and the first in 28 years from the \"classic\" Ultravox line-up of Midge Ure, Billy Currie, Warren Cann and Chris Cross . The title track was released as its lead single, and premiered on 17 April 2012 on BBC Radio 2. entity debuted at number 21 on the UK Albums Chart, selling 6,100 copies in its first week. It received mixed reviews from critics.", "music    entity is Ultravox's eleventh studio album, released in 2012. It marks the reunion of the band's \"classic\" lineup, consisting of Midge Ure, Chris Cross, Billy Currie and Warren Cann, for the first time since Lament.", "singer    entity was an American R&B singer and bandleader in New Orleans, Louisiana.", "singer    entity was an American rhythm and blues singer, born and died in New Orleans, Louisiana.", "actor    entity was an English writer, poet, philologist, and academic, best known as the author of the high fantasy works The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. While many other authors had published works of fantasy before Tolkien, the great success of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings led directly to a popular resurgence of the genre. This has caused Tolkien to be popularly identified as the \"father\" of modern fantasy literature\u2014or, more precisely, of high fantasy.", "actor    entity is an English writer, poet, philologist and university professor, born January 3, 1892 in Bloemfontein and died September 2, 1973 in Bournemouth.", "music    entity is a song written by Ray Davies that originally appeared on the Kinks' 1967 album Something Else by the Kinks. It was also the American and Continental Europe B-side to \"Autumn Almanac\". It has been included on several compilation albums, including The Kink Kronikles and a live version recorded at Landmark Theatre , Syracuse, New York, 4 March 1980 was included on One for the Road a double live album released June 1980.", "music    entity is a song written by Ray Davies, appearing on the Kinks album, Something Else by the Kinks. It is also the B-side of the single Autumn Almanac. This song was included in several compilations, for example The Kink Kronikles. The song was later covered by The Jam, released on August 26, 1978 as the lead single from their third studio album, All Mod Cons.", "music    entity is the eighth solo album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend, and the second and final album he recorded with The Devin Townsend Band. The album was released in January 2006 on Townsend's label, HevyDevy Records.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by Canadian progressive metal musician Devin Townsend under the name Devin Townsend Band, released on his own Hevydevy label and InsideOut Music in January 2006.", "movie    entity is a 2013 American anthology comedy film co-directed and produced by Peter Farrelly, and written by Rocky Russo and Jeremy Sosenko among others. The film features fourteen different storylines, each one by a different director, including Elizabeth Banks, Steven Brill, Steve Carr, Rusty Cundieff, James Duffy, Griffin Dunne, Patrik Forsberg, James Gunn, Bob Odenkirk, Brett Ratner, Will Graham, and Jonathan van Tulleken. It stars an ensemble cast that is led by Elizabeth Banks, Kristen Bell, Halle Berry, Gerard Butler, Seth MacFarlane, Leslie Bibb, Kate Bosworth, Josh Duhamel, Anna Faris, Richard Gere, Terrence Howard, Hugh Jackman, Johnny Knoxville, Justin Long, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz, Chris Pratt, Liev Schreiber, Seann William Scott, Emma Stone, Jason Sudeikis", "movie    entity is an American sketch film co-directed and produced by Peter Farrelly and written among others by Steve Baker, Rocky Russo and Jeremy Sosenko, featuring fourteen different stories, each directed by a different director, featuring Elizabeth Banks, Steven Brill, Steve Carr , Rusty Cundieff, James Duffy, Griffin Dunne, Patrik Forsberg, James Gunn, Bob Odenkirk, Brett Ratner, Will Graham and Jonathan van Tulleken.", "war    entity is a 1961 American CinemaScope Western film directed by Michael Curtiz, based on a 1952 novel of the same name by Paul Wellman, and starring John Wayne and Stuart Whitman. The supporting cast includes Ina Balin, Lee Marvin, Nehemiah Persoff, Bruce Cabot, Jack Elam, Patrick Wayne, and Edgar Buchanan. Also featured are Western-film veterans Bob Steele, Guinn \"Big Boy\" Williams, and Harry Carey, Jr. in uncredited supporting roles.", "war    entity is a 1961 American western directed by Michael Curtiz starring John Wayne.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department.", "music    entity are a Scottish alternative rock band formed in Bellshill near Glasgow in 1989. The group were founded by Norman Blake , Raymond McGinley and Gerard Love , all of whom shared lead vocals and songwriting duties until Love's departure in 2018. As of 2019, the band's lineup consists of Blake, McGinley, Francis Macdonald , Dave McGowan and Euros Childs .", "music    entity are a Scottish rock band formed in 1989.", "sports team    http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capcom_Sports_Club", "sports team    entity is a sports video game featuring three mini-games of basketball, tennis and soccer developed and published by Capcom in July 1997 on CP System II. The games are titled Dunk Stars, Smash Stars, and Kick Stars.", "movie    entity was a French film director, cinematographer producer and screenwriter. He directed 40 films between 1954 and 1993.", "movie    entity is a French filmmaker.", "war    entity is the seventh book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth. It is the first book in the series not to feature Richard Rahl as the protagonist, although he does appear.", "war    entity is the seventh novel in Terry Goodkind's Sword of Truth cycle. Published in original version in 2001, released in France at the end of 2007.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Smiths, written by singer Morrissey and guitarist Johnny Marr. First released on the group's 1987 album Strangeways, Here We Come, it was later featured on the compilation albums Stop Me and The Very Best of The Smiths. The song is also included in the music video game Rock Band 3.", "music    entity is a song by The Smiths, released in 1987. The song was released on the album Strangeways, Here We Come. It is expected to be released as a single, and a music video is being shot in Manchester. We see the Salford Lads Club, a famous club in Manchester, and the members of the group and their friends on bicycles.", "war    entity is a 1968 neo-noir Technicolor and Panavision British spy film, directed by Anthony Mann, based on the 1966 novel of the same name by Derek Marlowe and starring Laurence Harvey, Tom Courtenay, and Mia Farrow. Costumes by Pierre Cardin. It was Mann's final film. Set against the backdrop of 1960's Cold War Europe, it is the story of a spy known to his superiors in British Intelligence by his code name, \"Eberlin\" .", "war    entity is a British film directed by Anthony Mann and Laurence Harvey released in 1968.", "city    entity is a neighborhood in the San Fernando Valley region of Los Angeles, California, founded in 1927. The neighborhood includes a portion of the Santa Monica Mountains, which gives entity a lower population density than some other areas in Los Angeles.", "city    entity is a neighborhood in the city of Los Angeles, California located in the San Fernando Valley.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Nelly, featuring singer Kelly Rowland. It was released on June 25, 2002, as the second single from Nelly's second studio album, Nellyville , and as the first single from Rowland's debut solo studio album, Simply Deep . A pop and R&B ballad, the song consists of a high-pitched intonation and call and response, and contains a sample of Patti LaBelle's 1983 song \"Love, Need and Want You\". The lyrics describe a man infatuated with a woman committed in an existing relationship. The song was written by Nelly, Antoine Macon, Kenneth Gamble and Bunny Sigler, with production by Ryan Bowser.", "music    entity is the second single from Nellyville, rapper Nelly's second album.", "stadium    entity is an American former professional baseball player and coach. He played as a second baseman in Major League Baseball from 1981 to 1994, most notably as a member of the Los Angeles Dodgers with whom he won two world championships in 1981 and 1988. A five-time All-Star player, Sax was named the National League Rookie of the Year in 1982 and won the Silver Slugger Award in 1986. He also played for the New York Yankees, Chicago White Sox, and the Oakland Athletics. Sax currently hosts on SiriusXM's MLB Network Radio.", "stadium    entity is a former American baseball player who played in Major League Baseball from 1981 to 1994, successively wearing the Los Angeles Dodgers, Yankees New York, the Chicago White Sox and then the Oakland Athletics. Selected five times in the All-Star Game, he was named the best rookie of the year 1982 in the National League.", "music    entity are an American pop rock band formed in Los Angeles in 1981. The band recorded several singles that reached the U.S. top 10 during the 1980s, including \"Manic Monday\" , \"Walk Like an Egyptian\" , \"Hazy Shade of Winter\" , \"In Your Room\" , and \"Eternal Flame\" .", "music    entity were a popular California girl rock band in the 1980s, during which time they released three studio albums, including their titles Manic Monday, Walk Like an Egyptian and Eternal Flame. After splitting up in 1989, the band reformed in 1999 and released two new albums.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles from their 1969 album Yellow Submarine. Written by George Harrison in 1967, it conveys the ideological themes of that year's Summer of Love. The Beatles recorded the track in May 1967, shortly after completing their album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. It was one of four new songs they then supplied for the 1968 animated film Yellow Submarine, to meet their contractual obligations to United Artists.", "music    entity is a Beatles song, written by George Harrison. Recorded in 1967, it appeared two years later, on the album Yellow Submarine in 1969. It is one of the band's rare songs not to have been recorded in Abbey Road studios. This psychedelic rock backed by brass and numerous feedback effects was inspired in Harrison by the desire to recount his experiences with LSD, of which he was a heavy consumer at the time.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem from his second album The Slim Shady LP . It is also the opening song and lead single of the album. The song samples British singer Labi Siffre's 1975 track \"I Got The...\" as a bass and guitar riff by British pop rock duo Chas & Dave. The song was ranked at #26 on \"VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of the '90s\". entity was also ranked #6 on Q Magazine's \"1001 Best Songs Ever\". entity peaked at number 36 on the Billboard Hot 100. Outside of the United States, entity peaked within the top ten of the charts in Iceland, New Zealand, Norway, the Republic of Ireland, and the United Kingdom. The song was placed at number 39 by Rolling Stone on their list of \"100 Greatest Hip-Hop songs of all time\" in April 2016. The recording garnere", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem. Released on January 25, 1999, it served as the lead single for Eminem's second studio album, The Slim Shady LP. The song is produced by Dr. Dre, owner of the label to which the rapper has just signed, Aftermath Entertainment. This song mixes funny and horrifying lyrics, Eminem's trademark.", "mountain    entity is the 92nd\u2013highest peak in Ireland on the Arderin scale, and the 114th\u2013highest peak on the Vandeleur-Lynam scale. Silsean is in the central sector, at the western edge, of the Wicklow Mountains, in Wicklow, Ireland. Silsean is on a small massif alongside Moanbane 703 metres which lies between the Blessington lakes , and the major massif of Mullaghcleevaun 849 metres .", "mountain    entity is a peak of the Wicklow Mountains culminating at 698 meters above sea level, in Ireland.", "music    entity is a song by the British\u2013American rock band Wings. The title and opening track of their 1978 album London Town, it was the third of three single releases from the album, reaching No.\u200939 in the US, No.\u200943 in Canada and No.\u200960 in the UK. It also reached No.\u200917 on the Billboard Easy Listening chart in the US.", "music    entity is a song by Paul McCartney and the Wings that appeared on the opening of their album of the same name in 1978.", "movie    entity is the 28th single released by Ayumi Hamasaki on September 26, 2002. entity debuted at #1 on the weekly charts with more than 319,020 copies sold in its first week and remained at the top position for three consecutive weeks out of a total 28 weeks on the chart, becoming her longest-charting single. The single sold a total of 760,000 copies and became the ninth-best-selling single of the year. To date, entity is Ayumi Hamasaki's only single which has remained in the top position of the weekly Oricon charts for at least three weeks other than \"H\" and \"A\"; however, entity is Hamasaki's only single to stay at #1 for three consecutive weeks . entity was used as the theme song of the Japanese film , which was created in lieu of a", "movie    entity is Ayumi Hamasaki's 28th original single released under the Avex Trax label, excluding re-releases, remixes, and her very first single released under any other label.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Kiss. It is the title track to the group's 1983 album of the same name. The song was released as the album's first single, and was a Top 40 hit in the UK, Switzerland, and Canada, although it failed to chart as highly in the U.S. entity is a staple of the band's live performances; due to its popularity among fans, Kiss has performed the song over 1,300 times as of August 2015.", "music    entity is a song by American hard rock band Kiss. The album bears the same name as the single. Written by guitarist, vocalist Paul Stanley and guitarist Vinnie Vincent, the song was released as the lead single from the album entity released in 1983. A music video was released. shot to promote the single, it was the first music video for Kiss featuring the band members without their famous makeup.", "music    entity is a single by American rapper Nelly, featuring American singer Justin Timberlake. It was released on February 24, 2003, as the fourth single from Nelly's 2002 album Nellyville. It peaked at number 68 on the Billboard Hot 100, and number seven on the UK Singles Chart.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Nelly featuring Justin Timberlake from his second album Nellyville released in 2002. The track produced by Jason \"Jay E\" Epperson was released as a single on February 25, 2003. The title would later be used by Scott Storch to make a remix that will be included in the rapper's Da Derrty Versions: The Reinventions album.", "music    entity is a medium-sized member of the saxophone family, a group of instruments invented by Adolphe Sax in the 1840s. The tenor and the alto are the two most commonly used saxophones. The tenor is pitched in the key of B\u266d , and written as a transposing instrument in the treble clef, sounding an octave and a major second lower than the written pitch. Modern tenor saxophones which have a high F\u266f key have a range from A\u266d2 to E5 and are therefore pitched one octave below the soprano saxophone. People who play the tenor saxophone are known as \"tenor saxophonists\", \"tenor sax players\", or \"saxophonists\".", "music    entity is a member of the medium range of the saxophone family. This instrument is in B \u266d {\\displaystyle \\flat }, but can also exist in C. In this case, the instrument is called the Cm \u00e9 lody saxophone. It is the instrument that is considered the typical emblem of jazz .", "music    entity was a German experimental rock band formed in Cologne in 1968 by the core quartet of Holger Czukay , Irmin Schmidt , Michael Karoli , and Jaki Liebezeit . The group cycled through several vocalists, most prominently the American-born Malcolm Mooney and the Japanese-born Damo Suzuki , as well as various temporary members.", "music    entity is a German experimental rock band founded in 1968 in Cologne. Pioneers of the Krautrock scene, the musicians have always rejected American influences and incorporated elements of minimalist and world music into their always very progressive compositions. entity built his music around very free improvisations, later reworked in the studio, which 'Holger Czukay, bassist of the group, described himself as \"instant compositions\".", "actor    entity is an American actress and activist. She is the recipient of numerous accolades, including an Academy Award, a BAFTA Award, and a SAG Award, and has been nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award, six Primetime Emmy Awards, and nine Golden Globe Awards. In 2002, she was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for her contributions to the film industry.", "actor    entity is an American actress and producer.", "airport    entity is a commune near Blois, located in the French department of Loir-et-Cher, Centre-Val de Loire.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher in the Center region. Its inhabitants are called Vinoliens and Vinoliennes.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian ice hockey player.", "movie    entity is the fifth feature-length film produced and directed by American independent filmmaker Lionel Rogosin. It starred Jim Collier, who is credited also with \"dialogue improvised by.\" Collier and Rogosin had previously worked together in Black Roots, produced two years earlier. Largely improvised, it is Lionel Rogosin's most formally experimental film.", "movie    entity is an American film directed by Lionel Rogosin, released in 1972.", "music    entity is a song by the American pop/rock band Toto. There are two versions of the single, one with two songs and the other is a summer 2006 edition. It failed to make the charts in either the USA or UK. The chorus of the song features Joseph Williams, who was then in the middle of his long hiatus from the group. The music to the song was written collaboratively by nearly all the members of Toto, while the lyrics were written solely by David Paich.", "music    entity is the latest single released by rock band Toto in February 2006 from the album Falling in Between.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American singer Chris Brown. It was released on December 8, 2009, by Jive Records. The album serves as a follow-up to his previous album Exclusive . Recording sessions took place from 2008 to 2009, with several record producers, including Polow da Don, Swizz Beatz, The Runners and Brian Kennedy, among others.", "music    entity is Chris Brown's third studio album, released on December 4, 2009 in France.", "music    entity is the eighth solo studio album by the British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on 16 March 2015 .", "music    entity is the eighth solo album by guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on March 16, 2015. The album was entitled to a vinyl format and a deluxe edition with previously unreleased songs. The musical style that emerges from the album is in correspondence with the cover, calm.", "actor    entity is a French politician who served as Prime Minister of France from 1997 to 2002. Jospin was First Secretary of the Socialist Party from 1995 to 1997 and the party's candidate for President of France in the 1995 and 2002 elections. In 1995, he was narrowly defeated in the second round by Jacques Chirac. In 2002, he was eliminated in the first round after finishing behind both Chirac and far-right candidate Jean-Marie Le Pen, prompting him to announce his retirement from politics. In 2015, he was appointed to the Constitutional Council by National Assembly President Claude Bartolone.", "actor    entity is a French politician. A former student of Sciences Po and the ENA, he is a diplomat and academic by profession. First a member of the Internationalist Communist Organization, he joined the Socialist Party in 1971. A specialist in economics, he held the post of first secretary of the Socialist Party during Fran\u00e7ois Mitterrand's first seven years.", "airport    entity is a commune and town in the French department of the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales, administrative region of Occitania.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales department, in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called Can\u00e9tois. It is the second largest town in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales with a population of 13,091. The town is known today mainly as a seaside resort.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France. Inhabitants are called Rainvillois.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Vosges department in the Lorraine region. Its inhabitants are called Rainvillois.", "singer    entity is a Japanese singer from Kyoto, known for her urban and R&B songs. After debuting with the single \"Take Back\" in December 2000, Koda gained fame in March 2003 when the songs from her seventh single, \"Real Emotion/1000 no Kotoba\", were used as themes for the video game Final Fantasy X-2. Her popularity grew with the release of her fourth studio album Secret , her sixteenth single \"Butterfly\" , and her first greatest hits album Best: First Things , reaching the number-three, number-two, and number-one spots respectively.", "singer    entity is a Kyoto-born Japanese singer known for her Urban and R&B songs. She is married to Kenji03 from Back-On and they have a baby boy born July 17, 2012. She made her debut in 2000 with the single Take Back and rose to fame with Real Emotion / 1000 no Kotoba, two songs used as theme music in the Final Fantasy X-2 video game.", "music    entity is a Canadian musician, composer, arranger, record producer and music executive who chaired Verve Records from 2012 to 2016. He has won 16 Grammy Awards from 47 nominations.", "music    entity is a Canadian composer and producer born November 1, 1949 in Victoria. He discovered Josh Groban and Michael Bubl\u00e9 and produced many other successful artists including Celine Dion and Whitney Houston. He also performed with the Sparks.", "mountain    entity is a mountain lying on the border between the cantons of Bern and Valais. It is the highest mountain of the Bernese Alps and the most prominent peak of Switzerland. The Finsteraarhorn is the ninth-highest mountain and third-most prominent peak in the Alps. In 2001 the whole massif and surrounding glaciers were designated as part of the Jungfrau-Aletsch World Heritage Site.", "mountain    entity is the highest point of the Bernese Alps massif at 4,274 meters above sea level, on the border between the cantons of Valais and Bern in Switzerland. The summit is a particularly visible landmark because of its tip and its steep face. From a geological point of view, it belongs to the Aare massif and is made of amphibolite.", "music    entity is the second studio album by English Britpop band Sleeper, first released in May 1996 . It was their most successful album, selling over 300,000 copies in the UK alone. The album was released internationally; the US version has a different track listing along with alternative photos in the linear booklet.", "music    entity is the second studio album by British pop band Sleeper. Made in 1996, it contains four titles which will be released as singles, What Do I Do Now?, Sale of the Century, Nice Guy Eddie and Statuesque. The album, produced by Stephen Street, was released on CD, cassette, LP and double LP.", "music    entity is BoA's 11th Japanese single and her 2nd Korean single. The single hit No. 5 on Oricon charts and has sold more than 60,000 copies. The Japanese single features pop group SMAP. It uses a brief sample of Janet Jackson's \"You Ain't Right,\" sampling Jackson saying \"Good evening, ladies and gentleman\" throughout its production.", "music    entity is BoA's 12th single released under the Avex Trax label on December 3, 2003 in Japan. It reached 5th place in the Oricon chart and remained ranked for 10 weeks for a total of 58,314 copies sold. The song entity is on the album Love and Honesty.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by American rock band Green Day, released on May 15, 2009, through Reprise Records. Green Day commenced work on the record in January 2006 and forty-five songs were written by vocalist/guitarist Billie Joe Armstrong by October 2007, but the band members did not enter studio work until January 2008.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by American punk rock band Green Day. It was released on May 15, 2009 on the Reprise label. In February 2010, he received the Grammy for Best Rock Album at the Grammy Awards ceremony.", "music    entity is an album of demos by British singer-songwriter PJ Harvey. It was released in October 1993 by Island Records. It consists of eight demos of songs from her previous album, Rid of Me, along with six demos of some unreleased tracks which never made it to release with the three-piece PJ Harvey line-up. According to interviews with Harvey, all fourteen of these songs were written and demoed at her home between mid-1991 and autumn 1992. entity was Harvey's first entirely self-produced album; there would not be another such until 2004's Uh Huh Her.", "music    entity is the third album by British singer-songwriter PJ Harvey. It consists of 4-track demo versions of eight of the songs from his previous album, Rid of Me, as well as 6 demos of original tracks. According to the words of PJ Harvey in the interviews she was able to grant, the fourteen titles of this album were written and recorded at her home, from mid-1991 to the fall of 1992.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. She is known for her image reinventions and musical versatility. Gaga began performing as a teenager, singing at open mic nights, and acting in school plays. She studied at Collaborative Arts Project 21, through New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, before dropping out to pursue a career in music. After Def Jam Recordings canceled her contract, she worked as a songwriter for Sony/ATV Music Publishing, where she signed a joint deal with Interscope Records and Akon's label, KonLive Distribution, in 2007. Gaga rose to prominence the following year with her debut studio album, The Fame, and its c", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter. Born and raised in New York City, she studied at the Convent of the Sacred Heart and briefly attended New York University's Tisch School of the Arts before leaving school to focus on her musical career.", "sportsman    entity is a Ghanaian-born Burkinab\u00e9 professional footballer who plays mainly as a right winger.", "sportsman    entity is a Burkinabe international footballer playing as a defender, but also as a midfielder.", "actor    entity was an American and United States Air Force major and pilot, who was the first recipient of the Air Force Cross, the U.S. military's and Air Force's second-highest award and decoration for valor. The only U.S fatality by enemy fire during the Cuban Missile Crisis, Anderson died when his U-2 reconnaissance aircraft was shot down over Cuba. He also served in Korea after the Korean War ended.", "actor    entity is an officer and pilot of the army of the United States Air Force, known to have been the only direct human casualty of the Cuban Missile Crisis.", "music    entity is a song by Colombian singer-songwriter Shakira for her third studio album and English-language debut, Laundry Service . The power ballad was the second English language single released from the album; being released on 11 February 2002. It features lyrics by Shakira with music and production from Shakira and Lester Mendez. Lyrically, the song tells the story of the unconditional love that a woman has for her boyfriend, with lyrics about being worthy of somebody's love for being a good person and having maternal instincts.", "music    entity is a song by singer Shakira written and composed by Shakira and Lester Mendez.", "music    entity is a double live album by American new wave band Talking Heads, originally released in 1982. The first LP disk featured the original quartet in recordings from 1977 and 1979, and the second disk featured the expanded ten-piece lineup that toured in 1980 and 1981. The album contains live versions of songs that appear on their first four studio albums: Talking Heads: 77, More Songs About Buildings and Food, Fear of Music, and Remain in Light. The cassette edition of the album included \"Cities\", a bonus track not included on the vinyl edition, which also appeared on the subsequent CD release.", "music    entity is Talking Heads is a live album by the Talking Heads, released on March 24, 1982. The album charted at number 31 on the Billboard 200.", "cosmonaut    entity was a Soviet winner of the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1958 jointly with Pavel Alekseyevich Cherenkov and Igor Y. Tamm, also of the Soviet Union. He received the award for his work in explaining the phenomenon of Cherenkov radiation. He received the Stalin prize in 1946 and 1953 and the USSR state prize in 1971.", "cosmonaut    entity was a Soviet physicist. He was co-winner with Pavel Tcherenkov and Igor Tamm of the 1958 Nobel Prize in Physics \u201cfor the discovery and interpretation of the Cherenkov effect\u201d.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "music    entity is the fourth Korean studio album by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. It was released for digital download on January 1, 2013, by S.M. Entertainment, and was made available for physical sales the following day by KT Music. Musically, the album is characterized as combining elements from a wide range of genres including R&B, new wave, and EDM. This is the last studio album and Korean studio album with their founding member Jessica before her dismissal of the group in 2014 and subsequent departure from SM Entertainment in 2015.", "music    entity is the fourth Korean studio album by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation. It was released on January 1, 2013 under SM Entertainment.", "music    entity is the 12th studio album by the English band XTC, released 27 April 1992 on Virgin Records. The follow-up to Oranges & Lemons , entity is a relatively less immediate and more restrained sounding album, carrying the band's psychedelic influences into new musical styles, and displaying a particular interest in orchestral arrangements. The LP received critical acclaim, charted at number 28 in the UK Albums Chart, and number 97 on the US Billboard 200, as well as topping Rolling Stone's College album chart.", "music    entity is the tenth album by the band XTC, released in April 1992. The album title and cover refer to the Palace of Sans-Pareil.", "music    entity is the thirteenth full-length album by Swedish symphonic metal group Therion. It was released in Europe on 12 January 2007. The album was mixed by Stefan Glaumann, who also contributed to bands such as Rammstein, Evergrey, Europe and Def Leppard. The main line-up has been slightly changed since previous studio albums : Petter Karlsson returned to play drums, having already played with the band during Lemuria / Sirius B tour during the period of 2004\u20132006. Since Christofer Johnsson announced in 2006 he is retiring from singing, vocals on entity were performed by Mats Lev\u00e9n, as well as Snowy Shaw and three female singers: Katarina Lilja, Anna Nyhlin and Hannah Holgersson.", "music    entity is the thirteenth studio album by Swedish symphonic death metal band Therion, released on January 12, 2007 by Nuclear Blast. It's a double album.", "competition    entity is an automobile racing circuit located in Speedway, Indiana in the United States. It is the home of the Indianapolis 500 and the Verizon 200, and formerly the home of the United States Grand Prix. It is the largest sports venue in the world. It is located on the corner of 16th Street and Georgetown Road, approximately six miles west of Downtown Indianapolis.", "competition    entity is a motor racing circuit located at Speedway in the state of Indiana, United States.", "music    entity is an album by bassist Charlie Haden, saxophonist Jan Garbarek and guitarist Egberto Gismonti recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label in 1981. The album follows the trio's first recording Magico .", "music    entity is an album by Jan Garbarek, Charlie Haden and Egberto Gismonti released in 1979 on the Edition of Contemporary Music label. It is a trio disc with Jan Garbarek on tenor and soprano saxophone, Charlie Haden on double bass and Egberto Gismonti on guitar. The album is recorded in Oslo by Jan Erik Kongshaug.", "music    entity is a 1995 song recorded by the French artist Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was the second single from her fourth album Anamorphos\u00e9e and was released on 12 December 1995. Directed by Marcus Nispel in New York, the music video humorously depicts the apocalypse and shows Farmer bathing in foam. The song became the biggest hit from the album, reaching number six in France. In January 2004, the song was the subject of a remix produced by One-T and was released as promotional single.", "music    entity is the twenty-first single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer released on December 12, 1995. It is also the second single from her fourth studio album Anamorphos\u00e9e.", "company    entity is a public stock listed Indonesian oil and gas company. The company operates in Trading and Holding & Related Operations, Exploration for and Production of Oil & Gas, Power, Services, Chemicals and Rental of properties.", "company    entity is an Indonesian national oil company. Founded on June 9, 1980, the company has largely evolved from its original core business of subcontracting for drilling. MedcoEnergi has become an oil company integrated around oil exploration and production, with international activities.", "music    entity is the thirty-ninth solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Dolly Parton. It was released on July 9, 2002, by Sugar Hill Records and Blue Eye Records. It is the third album in Parton's critically acclaimed bluegrass trilogy, continuing her experimentation with folk and bluegrass sounds. The album was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Album in 2003, while \"Dagger Through the Heart\" and \"I'm Gone\" were both nominated for Best Female Country Vocal Performance in 2003 and 2004, respectively. Parton embarked on her first tour in 10 years in support of the album. The sold-out entity Tour played 25 shows throughout the United States and the United Kingdom. The album tracks \"These Old Bones\" and \"Sugar Hill\" were adapted into episodes of Dolly Parton's Heartstrings in 2019.", "music    entity is an album by American singer Dolly Parton released in 2002. It continues the experiments of the latter around the folk and bluegrass genre undertaken three years earlier.", "war    entity is an American legal comedy-drama television series, originally aired on Fox from September 8, 1997, to May 20, 2002. Created by David E. Kelley, the series stars Calista Flockhart in the title role as a lawyer working in the Boston law firm Cage and Fish, with other lawyers whose lives and loves are eccentric, humorous, and dramatic. The series received critical acclaim in its early seasons, winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series \u2013 Musical or Comedy in 1997 and 1998, and also winning the Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series in 1999. As of 2021, a revival is possibly in development.", "war    entity is an American television series in 112 44-minute episodes, created by David E. Kelley and broadcast between September 8, 1997 and May 20, 2002 on the FOX network and in Canada on the CTV network. In France, the series has was broadcast from February 24, 1998 on T\u00e9va, from November 25, 1998 on M6 and from August 25, 2014 on RTL9.", "competition    entity was the fourteenth race of the 2007 Formula One season, returning to the Formula One calendar after a year's absence. It was held on 16 September at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, Spa, Belgium. The race also marked the 100th race start for Australian Red Bull Racing driver Mark Webber.", "competition    entity is the 782nd round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950 and the fourteenth in the 2007 championship. The circuit has been modified since the last F1 round in 2005. From now on, a gigantic embankment has replaced the Bus Stop chicane and, from Blanchimont, the drivers race almost in a straight line towards a new, very tight right-left chicane.", "city    entity is a borough of New York City, coextensive with entity County, in the U.S. state of New York. It is the largest borough of New York City in area and is adjacent to the borough of Brooklyn at the western end of Long Island, with Nassau County to the east. entity also shares water borders with the boroughs of Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island .", "city    entity is one of five boroughs in New York City. entity is famous for its poverty and its ghettos, but also includes slightly more affluent neighborhoods where there are hotels and restaurants. entity is home to New York-John F. Kennedy International Airport as well as New York-LaGuardia Airport.", "body of water    entity is one of the major European rivers. The river begins in the Swiss canton of Graub\u00fcnden in the southeastern Swiss Alps, forms part of the Swiss-Liechtenstein, Swiss-Austrian, Swiss-German and then the Franco-German border, then flows in a mostly northerly direction through the German Rhineland and the Netherlands and eventually empties into the North Sea.", "body of water    entity is a river in central and western Europe, 1,233 km long. Its watershed, 185,000 km2, includes large parts of Switzerland, Germany and the Netherlands, eastern France, includes part of Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the western Austria, the whole of Liechtenstein and even a small part of Italy.", "music    entity are a British drum and bass band, signed to Asylum Records, Atlantic Records and Black Butter Records. The band consists of Piers Aggett, Amir Amor, Kesi Dryden and Leon \"Locksmith\" Rolle. They were nominated for a Mercury Prize in 2013, and won several awards including the Brit Award, and the MOBO Award for Best Album. entity also received nominations at the MTV Europe Music Awards for Best New Act, and Best UK and Ireland act. entity has achieved multiple Platinum awards for record sales in several countries including in the United Kingdom and Australia.", "music    entity is an English drum and bass band. It consists of Piers Agget, Amir Amor, Kesi Dryden and DJ Locksmith.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the central Apennines, in the province of Pesaro e Urbino, Marche, central Italy. The highest peak is at 1,702 metres above sea level. It is a massif of limestone rocks dating to some 200 million years ago. Historically, it marked the boundary between the Exarchate of Ravenna and the Duchy of Spoleto The source of the Cesano river is located nearby.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Marches and in the central part of the Apennines. It is a massif of sedimentary rocks dating back 200 million years. Historically, it formed the border between the Exarchate of Ravenna and the Duchy of Spoleto.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles and the title track to the December 1967 television film of the same name. It was released on the band's Magical Mystery Tour soundtrack record, which was a double EP in Britain and most markets but an album in America, where Capitol Records supplemented the new songs with tracks issued on the Beatles' 1967 singles. The song was written primarily by Paul McCartney and credited to the Lennon\u2013McCartney partnership.", "music    entity is a Beatles song that opens the album of the same name and also appears in the film of the same name.", "war    entity is a 1975 American action thriller film directed by Otto Preminger, and starring Peter O'Toole, Richard Attenborough, and Peter Lawford.", "war    entity is a 1975 American film by Otto Preminger.", "movie    entity is a 1975 Italian satirical cult film, based on in the saga of the unlucky Italian accountant employee Ugo entity, written and played by his creator Paolo Villaggio. The film is a parody of middle class workers of the 1970s, unhappy and frustrated at work and with family, and is known for its use of surreal humor and for several scenes which have entered popular culture.", "movie    entity is an Italian film by Luciano Salce released in 1975. This film is the first of a long series of Italian films which sees Ugo entity as the main character, always played by its creator Paolo Villaggio.", "singer    entity was a Finnish painter. She worked principally with still life, genre images, landscape paintings and portraits.", "singer    entity is one of the most popular Finnish painters of the 19th century. She paints portraits, still lifes and landscapes.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department in southern France. Inhabitants are called Saint-Martinois.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are the Saint-Martinois or the Cravens. metropolitan area, the fourth of the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne, after Arles, Saintes-Maries-de-la-Mer and Marseille.", "country    entity is a country in West Africa. It is bordered by Ghana to the west, Benin to the east and Burkina Faso to the north. The country extends south to the Gulf of Guinea, where its capital and largest city Lom\u00e9 is located. Togo covers 57,000 square kilometres , making it one of the smallest countries in Africa, with a population of approximately 8 million, as well as one of the narrowest countries in the world with a width of less than 115 km between Ghana and its slightly larger eastern neighbor, Benin.", "country    entity is a sovereign state in West Africa, whose population is estimated in 2020 at around 8.6 million inhabitants for a density of 152 inhabitants/km.", "airport    entity is a commune in the western suburbs of Paris, \u00cele-de-France. Located in Hauts-de-Seine, 9.3 km from the centre of Paris, it had a population of 49,145 as of 2016. The nearest communes are Nanterre, Puteaux, Rueil-Malmaison, Saint-Cloud and Boulogne-Billancourt. It is served by two stops on \u00cele-de-France tramway Line 2 and entity\u2013Mont-Val\u00e9rien station on the Transilien network, both giving access to La D\u00e9fense and its RER A and Paris M\u00e9tro Line 1 services. entity's landmarks include the M\u00e9morial de la France combattante and entity American Cemetery and Memorial below Fort Mont-Val\u00e9rien, as well as Foch Hospital in the town centre.", "airport    entity is a French commune in the Hauts-de-Seine department in the \u00cele-de-France region, on the left bank of the Seine. It is a member of the Mont Val\u00e9rien Agglomeration Community.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Go\u0142ymin-O\u015brodek, within Ciechan\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Go\u0142ymin- O\u015brodek in Ciechan\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by Colombian singer and songwriter Shakira, released on 29 September 1998 by Columbia Records and Sony Music Latin. After attaining success in Latin America with her major-label debut Pies Descalzos , Shakira met producer Emilio Estefan, who identified her potential to break into the US Latin market, and became her manager. As co-producer, Shakira enlisted previous collaborator Luis Fernando Ochoa along with Pablo Flores, Javier Garza, Lester Mendez, and Estefan, who executive produced the album. Its music incorporates Latin pop styles, additionally experimenting with rock en Espa\u00f1ol and Middle Eastern music sounds.", "music    entity is the fourth album by Colombian singer Shakira.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of Venezuela, and the center of the Metropolitan Region of Caracas . Caracas is located along the Guaire River in the northern part of the country, within the Caracas Valley of the Venezuelan coastal mountain range . The valley is close to the Caribbean Sea, separated from the coast by a steep 2,200-meter-high mountain range, Cerro El \u00c1vila; to the south there are more hills and mountains. The Metropolitan Region of Caracas has an estimated population of almost 5 million inhabitants.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of Venezuela. It is located in the north of Venezuela, near the Caribbean Sea in a valley surrounded by mountains of almost 2,130 m, between 760 and 910 m above sea level. Covering 433 km2, the city is part of the capital district of Caracas in the municipality of Libertador.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north-west of Przytyk, 26 km north-west of Radom, and 81 km south of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Przytyk in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day. It was released as the third single from the group's seventh studio album American Idiot, and is also the third track. The song is in the key of F minor. Though the song is a prelude to \"Boulevard of Broken Dreams\", entity was released as a single later on, on March 14, 2005.", "music    entity is a song by American punk rock band Green Day and the third single from their seventh album, American Idiot, released in 2004. Although on the album the song is a prelude to Boulevard of Broken Dreams, entity was released as a single later. In the United States, it reached number nine on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and number one on the Modern Rock Tracks chart.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter and actress. A classically trained pianist, Keys began composing songs by age 12 and was signed at 15 years old by Columbia Records. After disputes with the label, she signed with Arista Records and later released her debut album, Songs in A Minor, with J Records in 2001. The album was critically and commercially successful, producing her first Billboard Hot 100 number-one single \"Fallin'\" and selling over 12 million copies worldwide. The album earned Keys five Grammy Awards in 2002. Her second album, The Diary of Alicia Keys , was also a critical and commercial success, spawning successful singles \"You Don't Know My Name\", \"If I Ain't Got You\", and \"Diary\", and selling", "singer    entity is an American pianist, singer, songwriter, actress and producer. She grew up in the Hell's Kitchen area, in the Manhattan district of New York, and receives, from the age of 7, a classical music training.", "video game    entity is a subgenre of 3D shooter games in which the gameplay consists primarily of shooting. It is closely related to first-person shooters, but with the player character visible on-screen during play. While 2D shoot 'em up games also employ a third-person perspective, the TPS genre is distinguished by having the game presented with the player's avatar as a primary focus of the camera's view.", "video game    entity is a type of 3D action video game in which the character is seen externally with a third-person view, and the gameplay mainly consists of shooting. The English term \"third person shooter\" and its acronym, TPS, are also used in French-speaking countries.", "movie    entity is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter. He is known for films that revolve mainly around suburban culture and the effects of the passage of time. His films include the comedies Slacker and Dazed and Confused , the Before trilogy romance films\u2014Before Sunrise , Before Sunset , and Before Midnight , the music-themed comedy School of Rock , the animated films Waking Life and A Scanner Darkly , the coming-of-age drama Boyhood , and the comedy film Everybody Wants Some!! .", "movie    entity is an American director, screenwriter and producer.", "city    entity is a Landkreis in the southwest of the Free State of Saxony, Germany, at the borders to Thuringia, Bavaria, and the Czech Republic. Neighboring districts are Hof, Saale-Orla, Greiz, Zwickau and Erzgebirgskreis. Plauen is the administrative center of the district.", "city    entity is a district of Saxony , in the district of Chemnitz. Its chief town is Plauen. It was created on August 1, 2008, by the reform of the districts of Saxony of 2008.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Madonna from her ninth studio album, American Life . Written by Madonna, Guy Sigsworth and Jem Griffiths, and produced by the singer along with Mirwais Ahmadza\u00ef and Mark \"Spike\" Stent, it was released as the third single from the album on October 27, 2003. Originally demoed as \"Silly Thing\", entity is a love song which has acoustic guitar chords and a gospel choir appearance. Lyrically, the song discusses a lover who is the one, and how their meeting was not just chance. A number of remixes of the song were done, with one of them being included on Madonna's remix album Remixed & Revisited .", "music    entity is a song by singer and songwriter Madonna, the third single from her ninth studio album American Life. It was released on November 21, 2003 under the Maverick Records label. Promotion for the single was minimal and no music video was shot. Chart performance was low. The song was released as a double A-side on the fourth and final single Love Profusion in select regions, such as the UK and Australia.", "war    entity is a work of autobiographical creative nonfiction by United States Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, written with Scott McEwen and Jim DeFelice. The book was published by William Morrow and Company on January 2, 2012 and appeared on The New York Times Best Seller list for 37 weeks.", "war    entity is an autobiography by Chris Kyle, a former member of the SEALs, co-written with Scott McEwen and Jim DeFelice and published by William Morrow and Company on January 2, 2012.", "city    entity is located in the Los Angeles metropolitan area in Southern California. As of the 2010 census, the population was 3,010,232, making it the third-most populous county in California, the sixth most populous in the U.S., and more populous than 21 U.S. states. Although mostly suburban, it is the second most densely populated county in the state, behind San Francisco County. The county's three most populous cities are Anaheim, Santa Ana, and Irvine, each of which has a population exceeding 300,000. Santa Ana is also the county seat. Six cities in entity are on the Pacific coast, including Seal Beach, Huntington Beach, Newport Beach, Laguna Beach, Dana Point, and San Clemente.", "city    entity is a county in California and one of the major regions of greater Los Angeles. Its capital is Santa Ana. With an estimated population of 3,056,865, this county is the second in this state, and the fifth in the United States. He is renowned for his wealth and political conservatism. It is a great tourist destination: there is Disneyland, miles of beaches that attract surfers and swimmers, and many parks.", "music    entity is the first single released in the United Kingdom from Swedish dance act Basshunter from his second UK album, Bass Generation. The single was released on 21 September 2009.", "music    entity is Basshunter's first single from his second UK album, Bass Generation. The single was released on September 21, 2009. It was also featured on Ministry of Sound's annual 2010.", "music    entity is a compilation studio album by American recording artist Ice Cube. It was released on November 22, 1994 via Priority Records.", "music    entity is a compilation by Ice Cube, released on November 22, 1994. The album includes B-sides and remixes of singles recorded between 1992 and 1994. It ranked 3rd at Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 19th on the Billboard 200 and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on February 7, 1995.", "sports team    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey club based in J\u00f6nk\u00f6ping, playing in Hockeyallsvenskan, the second tier of Swedish ice hockey. The team played in the 2008\u201309 Champions Hockey League season, and also participates in the new Champions Hockey League tournament since the 2014\u201315 season. Between 2008 and 2013, HV also participated in the European Trophy tournament.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey club from Sweden, located in J\u00f6nk\u00f6ping and playing in the Elitserien. The club was founded in 1971 from the merger of Husqvarna IF and V\u00e4tterstads IK and plays its local matches at Kinnarps Arena. Its colors are blue, yellow and white. Its main rivals are Fr\u00f6lunda Indians, F\u00e4rjestads BK and Link\u00f6pings HC. The entity has won four Swedish championships.", "war    entity is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Manowar, released in 1982 on Liberty Records.", "war    entity is the debut album by heavy metal band Manowar released in 1982.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Eure-et-Loir, in the Center region.", "music    entity is a song by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It was released on their 1979 album Highway to Hell, their last with lead vocalist Bon Scott, who died the following year.", "music    entity is the 4th track from the album Highway to Hell, released in 1979. This song was released as a single in 1980. It was the band's last single released during the Bon Scott period. This single had the particularity of having side A in 45 rpm and on side B, 2 live tracks in 33 rpm. Another version of the song is present on the album Volts from the Bonfire box set, produced in 1997. is present in the video game Grand Theft Auto IV: The Lost and Damned.", "music    entity is Mika Nakashima's debut single. The single was released on November 7, 2001, reached #3 on Oricon Weekly Top 200, and sold 469,180 copies, making it her highest-selling single to date. \"STARS\" was the theme song of the Japanese TV drama Kizudarake no Love Song, in which Mika also made her acting debut. The song is best described as a luxurious, adult contemporary ballad with an easy listening-tinged arrangement and a haunting melody.", "music    entity is Mika Nakashima's debut single released by Sony Music Associated Records on November 7, 2001 in Japan. It reached 3rd place in the Oricon ranking for a total of 469,180 copies sold. It is Mika Nakashima's best-selling single to date. entity was used as the theme music for the drama Kizudarake no Love Song, which marks the start of Mika Nakashima's acting career.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band Genesis, released as the first single in 1983 from their self-titled album. It is recognisable for its harsh drum machine introduction composed by Mike Rutherford, which leads into minimalist synthesizer lines in a minor tonality and finally Phil Collins' reverb-laden voice. It remains the band's most successful single in the UK, peaking at No. 4 on the UK Singles Chart. It also made the top 10 in Switzerland, Austria, Norway, Ireland and the Netherlands. It was less popular in the US, only reaching No. 73 on the Billboard Hot 100. A 1992 re-release of the single managed to reach the Top 40 in Germany.", "music    entity is a song performed by British progressive rock band Genesis, released on the Genesis album in 1983.", "brand    entity is a formerly Swiss, now Hong-Kong-based, watch company, founded in 1887 in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Neuch\u00e2tel, Switzerland by Paul Ditisheim and developed by Paul Bernard Vogel.", "brand    entity is a formerly Swiss watch company now established in Hong Kong. It was founded in 1892 in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Neuchatel, Switzerland by Paul Ditisheim and developed by Paul Bernard Vogel.", "school    entity is now a public university of the state of Hesse, without religious affiliation. The University of Marburg has about 23,500 students and 7,500 employees and is located in Marburg, a town of 76,000 inhabitants, with university buildings dotted in or around the town centre. About 14 per cent of the students are international, the highest percentage in Hesse. It offers an International summer university programme and offers student exchanges through the Erasmus programme.", "school    entity is a German university founded in 1527 by Philip I of Hesse, which makes it the oldest Protestant university in the world. It was the main university in Hesse. It is subdivided into 17 faculties, has nearly 22,000 students and employs 7,500 people for a population of less than 80,000 inhabitants.", "competition    entity was an American professional ice hockey center who played eight seasons in the National Hockey League for the Chicago Black Hawks. He won the Calder Memorial Trophy as the league's top rookie for the 1937\u201338 season and won the Stanley Cup in the same season. He played 342 career NHL games, scoring 88 goals and 118 assists for 206 points. In 1973 he was elected to the United States Hockey Hall of Fame.", "competition    entity was an American professional ice hockey player of the first half of the 20th century.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Amerie from her third studio album, Because I Love It . It was released as the album's lead single on October 17, 2006. The song was written by Cee-Lo Green, Mike Caren, and Amerie, and was produced by Caren, with additional production handled by Cee-Lo, Amerie, and Len Nicholson. entity contains excerpts from the 1970 song \"Jimmy, Renda-se\" by Brazilian musician Tom Z\u8305, and elements of the 1980 song \"You Make My Dreams\" by Hall & Oates.", "music    entity is a song by Amerie, and is the first single from her 2007 album Because I Love It. The song features Cee-Lo who co-wrote it, and was produced by Mike Caren .", "city    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Przysucha, which lies approximately 98 kilometres south of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 181.31 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 12,436 .", "city    entity is a mixed gmina in entity County, Mazovia, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of entity, which lies approximately 98 km south of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b181.31 km2 with a population of 12,436.", "video game    entity is a side-scrolling beat 'em up game developed and released by Data East for arcades in 1988. It was also ported to many computer and game console home systems.", "video game    entity is a beat 'em up arcade video game developed by Data East and released in 1988.", "language    entity is the Native American language spoken by the Cheyenne people, predominantly in present-day Montana and Oklahoma, in the United States. It is part of the Algonquian language family. Like all other Algonquian languages, it has complex agglutinative polysynthetic morphology. This language is considered endangered, at different levels, in both states.", "language    entity is an endangered Algonquian language spoken in the states of Montana and Oklahoma. This agglutinating language has a complex morphology.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American singer Ariana Grande. It was released on August 30, 2013, by Republic Records. The album's songs were recorded over a three-year period, with Harmony Samuels, Kenneth \"Babyface\" Edmonds, Patrick \"J. Que\" Smith and Grande's Victorious co-star Leon Thomas III, as well as others, handling the album's music production. Featured collaborators include Big Sean, Mika, Mac Miller, and The Wanted's Nathan Sykes.", "music    entity is a single credited to Namie Amuro & Verbal, performed as a duet by Namie Amuro and rapper Verbal from hip-hop group M-Flo.", "brand    entity is an American multilevel marketing company that develops and sells personal care products and dietary supplements under its Nu Skin and Pharmanex brands. Nu Skin was founded in 1984 in Provo, Utah. The company originated in the United States and began its first foreign operation in Canada in 1990. One year later, the company began operations in Asia with the opening of Hong Kong. In 1996, the company listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The company markets its products in 54 markets through a network of approximately 1.2 million independent distributors.", "brand    entity is an American multi-level marketing company, also called \"network marketing\", specializing in the sale of skincare products and dietary supplements.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Meurthe-et-Moselle in the Lorraine region.", "singer    entity is an English singer, songwriter, and musician. He served as the songwriter, lead guitarist, and co-lead vocalist of the rock band Oasis. After leaving Oasis in 2009, he formed and became the lead vocalist, guitarist, and songwriter for Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds. Oasis had various line-up changes, though Gallagher and his brother Liam remained as the staple members.", "singer    entity is an Irish-born English guitarist and songwriter. He was the main composer, lead-guitarist and occasional singer of the British rock band Oasis.", "music    entity is a music genre that combines rhythm and blues with elements of pop, soul, funk, hip hop and electronic music.", "music    entity is a genre of music that mixes elements of rhythm and blues, hip-hop, soul and pop.", "music    entity is the third studio album by English space rock band Spiritualized, released on 16 June 1997. The album features guest appearances from the Balanescu Quartet, The London Community Gospel Choir and Dr. John.", "music    entity is an album by Spiritualized, released in 1997.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 9 May 1993 at the Circuit de Catalunya. It was the fifth race of the 1993 Formula One World Championship. The 65-lap race was won from pole position by Alain Prost, driving a Williams-Renault, with Ayrton Senna second in a McLaren-Ford and Michael Schumacher third in a Benetton-Ford. This was the only time Prost, Senna and Schumacher shared the podium together.", "competition    Results of the 1993 Spanish Grand Prix, raced at the Catalunya International Circuit in Barcelona on May 9, 1993.", "music    entity is a song by the English alternative rock band Muse. It is the third track on their third studio album, Absolution. The song was released as the second single from the album on 8 September 2003 in the United Kingdom and other countries. It was also the band's first Top 10 hit in the UK, peaking at number eight, besting the number eleven peak of \"Plug In Baby\". The song is available to play on Rocksmith 2014 as part of a Muse 5-song pack.", "music    entity is the 12th single from British rock band Muse and the second single from the album Absolution. The band's flagship track, it was ranked 33rd best British song of all time by XFM in 2010. It will be the first extract from the album to be released in a \"physical\" format, Stockholm Syndrome having sale via download platforms.", "competition    entity is a Spanish racing driver currently competing for Alpine in Formula One. He won the series' World Drivers' Championship in 2005 and 2006 with Renault, having also driven for McLaren, Ferrari and Minardi. With Toyota, Alonso has won the 24 Hours of Le Mans twice, in 2018 and 2019, and the FIA World Endurance Championship in 2018\u201319, whilst winning the 24 Hours of Daytona with Wayne Taylor Racing in 2019.", "competition    entity is a Spanish racing driver who became the first Formula 1 world champion in the history of his country in 2005 at the wheel of a Renault, a title he retained the following year with the same team. After joining McLaren in 2007, then returning to Renault in 2008-2009, he drove for Ferrari from 2010 to 2014 before returning to McLaren in 2015 as part of its new partnership with Honda.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Vosges department in the Lorraine region. Its inhabitants are called entityais.", "music    entity is the second studio album by rapper Young Buck. It was released on March 27, 2007, through Cashville Records, G-Unit Records and Interscope Records.", "music    entity is Young Buck's second studio album, released on March 27, 2007. The title of the album is a pun on the phrase \"Fuck the World\". We can note the presence of 50 Cent, Snoop Dogg, Young Jeezy or the singer of Linkin Park, Chester Bennington, on the single Slow Ya Roll. In production, we find the participation of Dr. Dre, Lil Jon and Jazze Pha.", "airport    entity is a former commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune Bellevigne-les-Ch\u00e2teaux.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Maine-et-Loire in the Pays de la Loire region.", "music    entity is the second single from Marvin Gaye's 1971 album, What's Going On. Following the breakthrough of the title track's success, the song, written solely by Gaye, became regarded as one of popular music's most poignant anthems of sorrow regarding the environment. Led by Gaye playing piano, strings conducted by Paul Riser and David Van De Pitte, multi-tracking vocals from Gaye and The Andantes, multiple background instruments provided by The Funk Brothers and a leading sax solo by Wild Bill Moore, the song rose to number 4 on Billboard's Pop Singles chart and number one for two weeks on the R&B Singles charts on August 14 through to August 27, 1971. The distinctive percussive sound heard on the track was a wood block struck by a rubber mallet, drenched in studio", "music    entity is a song composed and performed by Marvin Gaye, released on his album What's Going On May 21, 1971 and as a single in June of the same year.", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter, dancer, and actress. At the age of 16, Jay-Z signed her to Def Jam and she released her first album, Roc-A-Fella Records Presents Teairra Mar\u00ed. After disappointing sales, she was let go from her recording contract in the middle of production for her second album Second Round. In 2008, she returned to the music scene with the Pleasure P-assisted single \"Hunt 4 U\". After constant leaks, she re-recorded a second attempt at her second album titled At That Point, which was later shelved. In 2010, she starred in the film Lottery Ticket alongside rappers Bow Wow and Ice Cube. Since 2010, she has released several mixtapes including features from Nicki Minaj, Soulja Boy, and Gucci Mane.", "singer    entity is an American R&B singer-songwriter and also an actress, model and dancer. In 2005, she released her first album titled Teairra Mari. But the album met with little success as it sold only 69,000 copies in the United States. In 2011, she signed to American producer Rico Love's label \"Division1\".", "airport    entity is a rail station located in Bornel , France and serves nearby Belle-\u8121glise. It is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains from Paris-Nord to Beauvais.", "airport    entity is a French railway station on the \u00e9pinay - Villetaneuse line at Tr\u00e9port - Mers, located in the territory of the municipality of Bornel, near Belle-Eglise, in the Oise department. , in the Picardie region. It is a station of the French national railway company served by TER Picardie trains.", "music    entity is the self-titled third studio album by the American rock band entity. It was released on November 7, 1995 through Columbia Records, and was the follow-up to the highly successful Dirt . This is the band's first full-length studio album to feature bassist Mike Inez; their last album to feature original lead vocalist Layne Staley, who died in 2002; and their last album to be released on Columbia Records. The album debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and stayed on the chart for 46 weeks. The tracks \"Grind\", \"Heaven Beside You\" and \"Again\" were released as singles. \"Grind\" and \"Again\" were nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance. The album received double", "music    entity is the third studio album by the eponymous rock band, released on November 21, 1995 by Columbia Records. The album is also nicknamed The Tripod because of its cover which represents a dog amputated of a leg, it is the last studio album of the singer Layne Staley. Although it does not know the same success as its predecessor Dirt, the album was certified double platinum in the United States, without a promotional tour.", "actor    entity was born in the mining town of Tarkwa in western Ghana in 1948. He was the only boy amongst seven sisters. He lost his father at an early age and was primarily raised by his mother. He was married to Monicah Asami, who later changed her name to Caroline Odoi. They had three daughters Maureen Atulo, Francesca Ajua Odoi and Francine Ashardey Odoi.", "actor    entity was a cartoonist.", "movie    entity is a 2006 Italian film directed by Paolo Sorrentino. It was entered into the 2006 Cannes Film Festival.", "movie    entity is a 2006 Italian film directed by Paolo Sorrentino.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Lot-et-Garonne department. It is one of the 29 municipalities making up the urban community of Agen. Its inhabitants are called the Colayracais and Colayracaises.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina G\u00f3ra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 19 kilometres west of G\u00f3ra Kalwaria, 11 km south-west of Piaseczno, and 27 km south of Warsaw", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of G\u00f3ra Kalwaria in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies about 19 kilometers west of G\u00f3ra Kalwaria, 11 kilometers south- west of Piaseczno and 27 kilometers south of Warsaw.", "city    entity is a French administrative division located in the department of Loire and the Auvergne-Rh\u4e48ne-Alpes region. At the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015, the canton was expanded from 12 to 18 communes:", "city    entity is a French administrative division located in the Loire department and the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "video game    entity is a 3G-enabled entertainment and education system from Zeebo Inc. It enabled users to play video games, and also connect to the Internet, communicate online and run educational applications. entity was targeted at developing markets such as Brazil and Mexico. Zeebo Inc. described the Zeebo as bringing \"the fun and excitement of interactive entertainment and education to those who\u2014until now\u2014have had little or no access to such technology.\"", "video game    entity is a video game console produced by Tectoy and Qualcomm, whose content is entirely managed by digital distribution. First console designed in Brazil, it is distributed first in this country. entity Inc. subsequently authorizes distribution in other countries. entity was designed for emerging countries such as Brazil, Russia, India and China.", "war    entity is a French-German-Czech-Italian historical drama television series created by Tom Fontana for Canal+, ZDF, ORF, and Sky Italia. The show recounts the entity family's rise to power and subsequent domination of the Papal States during the Renaissance. entity debuted in Italy on Sky Cinema 1 on 10 July 2011. It was since renewed for a second season, which premiered in France on Canal+ on 18 March 2013. A third and final season premiered in France on Canal+ on 15 September 2014. The series finale aired in France on Canal+ on 27 October 2014 as the 38th episode overall.", "war    entity is a Franco-German television series created by Tom Fontana broadcast on the Canal+ channel from October 2011. Historical genre fiction, it romanticizes the destinies of the four most famous members of the entity family: Father Rodrigo who wants to elect pope, and three of his illegitimate children, Juan, Cesare and Lucrezia.", "actor    entity was an American actor, producer, radio entertainer and vaudevillian. In a career spanning nine decades and continuing until his death, he appeared in more than 300 films, and was among the last surviving stars of the silent-film era. He was the top box-office attraction from 1939 to 1941, and one of the best-paid actors of that era. At the height of a career marked by declines and comebacks, Rooney performed the role of Andy Hardy in a series of 16 films in the 1930s and 1940s that epitomized mainstream America's self-image.", "actor    entity is an American actor, director, producer, screenwriter and composer.", "music    entity is an American rock band from San Francisco, California, United States, formed in 2011. The band consists of Charles Moothart , Ty Segall and Chad Ubovich Created as an outlet for Moothart's affection for hard rock riffs, entity began as collaboration between Moothart and Segall, while Moothart performed in Segall's live band. In 2012, the pair released two singles, \"This Time I Got a Reason\" and \"Sleigh Ride\", and were joined by bass guitarist Roland Cosio.", "music    entity is an American rock band from San Francisco, California.", "body of water    entity is a river, 117 kilometres long, that flows from Lake Kivu to Lake Tanganyika in Central Africa, descending from about 1,500 metres to about 770 metres above sea level over its length. The steepest gradients occur over the first 40 kilometres , where hydroelectric dams have been built. Further downstream, the Ruzizi Plain, the floor of the Western Rift Valley, has only gentle hills, and the river flows into Lake Tanganyika through a delta, with one or two small channels splitting off from the main channel.", "body of water    entity is the river by which Lake Kivu flows into Lake Tanganyika.", "actor    entity is an English actor, author, comedian, director, musician and singer. He is known for portraying the title character on the medical drama television series House , for which he received two Golden Globe Awards and nominations for numerous other accolades. He was listed in the 2011 Guinness World Records as the most watched leading man on television and was one of the highest-paid actors in a television drama, earning \u00a3250,000 per episode of House. His other television credits include arms dealer Richard Onslow Roper in the miniseries The Night Manager , for which he won his third Golden Globe Award, and Senator Tom James in the HBO sitcom Veep , for which he received his 10th Emmy Award nominati", "actor    entity is a British actor, producer, musician and writer. Jeeves and Wooster with partner Stephen Fry. He is also known in the UK for his roles in Blackadder, with Rowan Atkinson.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Monaco on 19 May 1985. It was the fourth race of the 1985 Formula One World Championship. The 78-lap race was won by Alain Prost, driving a McLaren-TAG. Ayrton Senna took pole position in his Lotus-Renault and led until he suffered an engine failure on lap 14. Michele Alboreto finished second in a Ferrari, with Elio de Angelis third in the other Lotus-Renault. After the race, de Angelis led the Drivers' Championship by two points from Prost and Alboreto.", "competition    Results of the 1985 Monaco Grand Prix, raced at the Monaco circuit on May 19, 1985.", "war    entity is a Japanese manga created by Kaishaku which was first serialized in the Japanese sh\u014dnen manga magazine Monthly Dragon Age in May 2006. A 12-episode anime, adapted from the manga, aired in Japan from January 5 to March 23, 2007. The series refers to several of Kaishaku's past works: Kannazuki no Miko, Magical Nyan Nyan Taruto, UFO Ultramaiden Valkyrie and Steel Angel Kurumi.", "war    entity is a sh\u00f4nen manga written by the Kaishaku group and pre-published in Gekkan Dragon Age between May 2006 and July 2007. Asian animation and comics portal Asian animation and comics portal", "city    entity is the second-largest city in Germany after Berlin, as well as the overall 7th largest city and largest non-capital city in the European Union with a population of over 1.84 million. Hamburg's urban area has a population of around 2.5 million and its metropolitan area is home to more than five million people. The city lies on the River Elbe and two of its tributaries, the River Alster and the River Bille. One of Germany's 16 federated states, Hamburg is surrounded by Schleswig-Holstein to the north and Lower Saxony to the south.", "city    entity is a city and one of the 16 L\u00e4nder that make up Germany. Located in the north of the country, near the mouth of the Elbe and close to the North Sea, entity is Germany's second largest city and the country's leading port. The city covers 755 km2 and has 1.8 million inhabitants; the agglomeration 3.5 million. entity was a founding member of the Hanseatic League.", "music    entity is a single by the band Wings from their 1978 album London Town.", "music    entity is a song by Paul McCartney and the Wings released in March 1978, first as a promotional single, then on the album London Town. Using the usual codes of songs composed by McCartney, it was written in Scotland during the pregnancy of his wife Linda. The single reached first place in the American charts, and fifth in the United Kingdom. The song also appears on several McCartney compilations, Wings Greatest and Wingspan: Hits and History.", "music    entity is the 2009 debut solo album from Spiral Stairs .", "music    entity is the debut solo album by American guitarist and singer Scott Kannberg aka Spiral Stairs, co-founder of indie rock band Pavement.", "music    entity is a genre of music intended to create artistic inspiration, relaxation, and optimism. It is used by listeners for yoga, massage, meditation, and reading as a method of stress management to bring about a state of ecstasy rather than trance, or to create a peaceful atmosphere in their home or other environments, and is associated with environmentalism and New Age spirituality.", "music    entity is a melodic and often exclusively instrumental style inherited from the current of New Age thought. Nevertheless, the characteristics of this genre remain rather vague. The classification of groups or albums in new age music is sometimes a source of controversy.", "airport    entity is an international airport in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. It is located in the Bole district, 6 km southeast of the city centre and 65 km north of Bishoftu. The airport was formerly known as Haile Selassie I International Airport. It is the main hub of Ethiopian Airlines, the national airline that serves destinations in Ethiopia and throughout the African continent, as well as nonstop service to Asia, Europe, North America and South America. The airport is also the base of the Ethiopian Aviation Academy. As of June 2018, nearly 450 flights per day were departing from and arriving at the airport.", "airport    entity is the main airport serving Addis Ababa in Ethiopia. It is located near the municipality of Bole, less than 10 km southeast of the heart of the capital. Previously called Haile Selassie I International Airport, it is most often called by its alternative name of Addis Ababa International Airport.", "actor    entity was a Polish playwright, painter and poet, as well as interior and furniture designer. A patriotic writer, he created a series of symbolic, national dramas within the artistic philosophy of the Young Poland Movement. Wyspia\u0144ski was one of the most outstanding and multifaceted artists of his time in Poland under the foreign partitions. He successfully joined the trends of modernism with themes of the Polish folk tradition and Romantic history. Unofficially, he came to be known as the Fourth Polish Bard .", "actor    entity was a Polish playwright, poet, painter, director, architect and cabinetmaker. He was one of the most prolific and remarkable European artists of his time. He studied philosophy at the Jagiellonian University in Krakow. Then he joined the School of Fine Arts in Krakow. He mixed Art Nouveau with Polish stories.", "music    entity is BoA's 13th Japanese single. \"Kono Yo no Shirushi\" is the song featured on Calpis commercial. This single was not included on any of her full studio albums but was on her best selling compilation album Best of Soul, which was also her second highest selling album.", "music    entity is BoA's 14th single released under the Avex Trax label on September 1, 2004 in Japan. It reached #4 on the Oricon chart and remained ranked for 13 weeks for a total of 82,614 copies sold. The songs Quincy and Kono yo no Shirushi can be found on the Best of Soul compilation.", "music    entity is the thirteenth studio album by American rapper Tech N9ne. It was released on July 30, 2013, by Strange Music, RBC Records and INgrooves. The album has broken up into three portions \u2013 Earth, Water & Fire. Production on the album was handled during 2012 to 2013, primarily by frequent collaborator Seven, among others such as Young Fyre, Drumma Boy, and Fredwreck. The album features guest appearances from B.o.B, Big K.R.I.T., CeeLo Green, The Doors, The Game, Kendrick Lamar, Serj Tankian, T-Pain, Trae tha Truth, and Wiz Khalifa, among others including several artists from Tech N9ne's Strange Music imprint.", "music    entity is the fourteenth studio album by rapper Tech N9ne, released on July 30, 2013. The album ranked #2 on Top Rap Albums and Top Independent Albums, #3 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and #4 on the Billboard 200 .", "music    entity is the third studio album by Canadian electronic music producer Richie Hawtin, and his second studio album under the alias Plastikman. It was released on November 8, 1994 by Novamute Records and Plus 8. It peaked at number 58 on the UK Albums Chart.", "music    entity is the third album by Plastikman, one of Richie Hawtin's pseudonyms, released in 1994 on his Plus 8 label for the vinyl version, on NovaMute for the CD version.", "music    entity is a song by the Jackson 5. It was released as a single on February 24, 1970. The song knocked the Beatles' \"Let It Be\" off the top of the Billboard Hot 100 in 1970, and was No. 1 on the soul singles chart for four weeks. It is the title track to the group's second album.", "music    entity is a song by The Jackson 5, produced by Motown and released on February 24, 1970. It is taken from the album of the same name, entity. The entity song ranked number 1 on the Top 10 US & UK singles and number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. The original version of the song is 2:55 minutes long, its genre is soul. In the song, we hear the voices of Michael Jackson, Jermaine Jackson, Tito Jackson and Jackie Jackson.", "music    entity is the seventh album by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne, released in 1983 . It reached number 8 on the Billboard Pop album chart and number 30 on the Billboard 200. It was Browne's fourth straight Top 10 album and stayed on the charts for 33 weeks. Out of eight tracks, four were released as singles. The title song was a top-20 pop hit for Browne , and was accompanied by one of his first music videos released on MTV.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American rock singer-songwriter Jackson Browne. It was #8 on the Billboard Pop-Rock Albums chart in 1983.", "singer    entity is a film score composer. He started the piano at 4 and graduated at 17 from the French national music school academy with five first prizes. He then became a pianist in several symphonic orchestras and an accompanist at the Op\u8305ra National de Lyon.", "singer    entity is a film music composer.", "video game    entity is computer software for the verification, validation, documentation and re-use of mathematical calculations in engineering and science, notably mechanical, chemical, electrical, and civil engineering. Released in 1986 on DOS, it introduced live editing of typeset mathematical notation in an interactive notebook, combined with automatic computations. It was originally developed by Mathsoft, and since 2006 has been a product of Parametric Technology Corporation.", "video game    entity is software for performing scientific calculations. Its interface makes it possible to produce reports, that is to say formatted documents which mix calculations and texts necessary for the understanding of an engineering project.entity supports .NET and the native XML format.With With its unique notebook interface, the software integrates standard mathematical notation, text and graphics into a single spreadsheet.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Linkin Park. It was announced as the band's third US, fourth international and overall final single from their fourth studio album, A Thousand Suns, which was released on September 14, 2010. A music video for the song was directed by Joe Hahn, the band's turntablist. entity serves as the theme song for the film Transformers: Dark of the Moon, continuing the streak of the band's songs serving as the theme songs of the Transformers films. The song was also featured on the soundtrack for Kung Fu Panda 2.", "music    entity is the fourth single from Linkin Park's album A Thousand Suns. It was released on May 27, 2010. entity is the soundtrack to the latest Transformers 3: Dark of the Moon, and the third song to make the Transformers soundtrack after What I've Done for the first film and New Divide for the Second movie.", "music    entity is a song written by Paul McCartney, released as the closing track of his and his wife Linda's 1971 album, Ram. Several months later, it was released as a single in the UK, peaking at number 39. The song modulates stylistically between a sweeping piano-and-orchestra ballad similar to McCartney's \"The Long and Winding Road\" and upbeat rock sections before ending in a raucous and passionate finale.", "music    entity is a song by Paul McCartney released on the album Ram in May 1971.", "music    entity was an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil , and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. Matt Cameron became the band's full-time drummer in 1986, while bassist Ben Shepherd became a permanent replacement for Yamamoto in 1990. The band dissolved in 1997 and re-formed in 2010. Following Cornell's death in 2017 and a year of uncertainty of the band's future, Thayil declared in October 2018 that the band was finished; they did, however, reunite in January 2019 for a one-off concert in tribute to Cornell.", "music    entity is an American rock band formed in Seattle in 1984 by vocalist Chris Cornell, guitarist Kim Thayil and bassist Hiro Yamamoto. Matt Cameron became the band's drummer in 1986, while Ben Shepherd served as the band's bassist after Hiro Yamamoto left in 1990. Along with Alice in Chains, Nirvana and Pearl Jam, entity is considered one of four bands that defined the grunge style.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by English rock musician Ringo Starr. Released in October 1981, it followed the twin commercial failures of Ringo the 4th and Bad Boy . The album includes the hit single \"Wrack My Brain\", written and produced by George Harrison, but otherwise failed to find commercial success.", "music    entity is a solo album by Ringo Starr, released in 1981. Although it was his biggest hit for several years, the album only reached number 98 on the US charts.", "actor    entity is an English stage and screen actor. He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Orson Welles in the 2008 film Me and Orson Welles, for which he was nominated for over two dozen awards including the BAFTA Award for Best Supporting Actor. He also appeared in movies such as Florence Foster Jenkins, The Theory of Everything, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy and Rush.", "actor    entity is a stage, television and film actor. He appears in the movie Me and Orson Welles.", "airport    entity was a French-Lebanese billionaire businessman. He was the founder and chairman of the CMA CGM, a French container transportation and shipping company, the fourth largest in the world as of June 2020.", "airport    entity is a Franco-Lebanese businessman, the founder and current president of CMA CGM, the third largest shipping company in the world.", "music    entity is the fifth album by hip hop duo Gang Starr, released on March 31, 1998 by Noo Trybe Records and Virgin Records. Gang Starr recorded entity in sessions at D&D Studios. It is widely regarded as Gang Starr's magnum opus, and one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time.", "music    entity is Gang Starr's fifth studio album, released on March 31, 1998. Acclaimed by critics, this album marks the group's maturity because, in 1998, Gang Starr was already considered a legendary New York hip-hop group. . Both more political and more nostalgic than the other albums, this opus features the collaborations of K-Ci & JoJo, Wu-Tang Clan's Inspectah Deck, MOP", "army    entity was an officer in the German Navy and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany. He served as the first commander of the post-war German Navy.", "army    entity is a German Vice Admiral. Having served in the First World War, he was appointed Admiral during the Second. He was the first post-war German Navy inspector and a well-known military author.", "sportsman    entity is a Ivorian former professional footballer. He played for Ivory Coast and a few clubs in Europe. He played primarily as a defensive midfielder but could also play as a centre back. Born in Bouak\u00e9, Ivory Coast, Diabat\u00e9 played for several clubs in France, including Perpignan FC, Bordeaux and Auxerre. In his time at Bordeaux he won Ligue 1 in the 1998\u201399 season. He often struggled with injuries at various points in his career, which limited the amount of time he spent at each club. He failed to score a single goal in the last 7 years of his career.", "sportsman    entity is an Ivorian international footballer, born September 16, 1974 in Bouak\u00e9.", "government    entity is an executive committee that jointly supervise the activities of an organization, which can be either a for-profit or a nonprofit organization such as a business, nonprofit organization, or a government agency. The powers, duties, and responsibilities of a board of directors are determined by government regulations and the organization's own constitution and by-laws. These authorities may specify the number of members of the board, how they are to be chosen, and how often they are to meet.", "government    entity is a group of legal or natural persons responsible for administering an institution, such as an association, a company or a public institution. It comprises several members, including a designated or elected president, and a secretary as well as, sometimes, a vice-president and a treasurer. If a legal entity is a member of a board of directors, it appoints a natural person to represent it.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica. It was the birthplace of Sampiero Corso. The inhabitants of the commune are known as entityis, entityises, or Bastilcacci.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Corse-du-Sud and the Corse region.", "city    entity is the westernmost county of Croatia which includes the biggest part of the Istrian peninsula out of 3,160 km2 , or 89%). Administrative centers in the county are Pazin, Pula and Pore\u010d. entity is the most prominent Italian-speaking part of Croatia.", "city    entity is the westernmost county in Croatia. Its territory corresponds to most of the Istrian peninsula.", "music    entity is a posthumous compilation album by Jimi Hendrix, released on July 25, 2000 by Dagger Records. The album contains previously unreleased studio and home demo recordings. \"Keep on Grooving\" was later featured on the companion CD to the 2007 book Jimi Hendrix: An Illustrated Experience.", "music    entity is an album by Jimi Hendrix released in 2000.", "sports team    entity is a Dutch professional football club based in Amsterdam, that plays in the Eredivisie, the top tier in Dutch football. Historically, Ajax has been the most successful club in the Netherlands, with 35 Eredivisie titles and 20 KNVB Cups. It has continuously played in the Eredivisie, since the league's inception in 1956 and, along with Feyenoord and PSV Eindhoven, it is one of the country's \"big three\" clubs that have dominated that competition.", "sports team    entity is a Dutch football club created on March 18, 1900 and based in Amsterdam, currently playing in the Dutch first division. Its name comes from Greek mythology: Ajax was one of the bravest heroes of the Trojan War. Ajax is one of the three big clubs in the country with Feyenoord Rotterdam and PSV Eindhoven.", "music    entity is an Australian musician, singer-songwriter, composer, arranger and record producer. A multi-instrumentalist, he is best known for his long-term collaborations with Nick Cave, with whom he formed The Boys Next Door, The Birthday Party and Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds.", "music    entity is an Australian rock musician. A multi-instrumentalist, composer, arranger, producer and singer, he is best known for his collaboration with his compatriot Nick Cave, whom he accompanied in all his musical adventures, from their adolescence to January 2009, when he decided to part ways with the Bad Seeds.", "music    entity is a double A-side single by Japanese singer Aya Ueto off her second studio album, Message. It was released by Flight Master on May 14, 2003.", "music    entity is the 4th single by Aya Ueto released under the Pony Canyon label on May 14, 2003 in Japan. It reached number 10 in the Oricon chart. It sold 18,002 copies in the first week, and remained charted for 6 weeks, for a total of 28,367 copies sold. Message was used as an advertising campaign for 8x4 by Nivea Kao; Personal was used as the ending credits theme of the anime Konjiki no Gash Bell!!.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on 2 June 1972 by Harvest and Capitol Records. It serves as the soundtrack for the French film La Vall\u00e9e, by Barbet Schroeder. It was recorded in two sessions in France, while Pink Floyd were in the midst of touring, and produced by the band.", "music    entity is a song by Pink Floyd, appearing on the album Obscured by Clouds created and recorded at the Chateau d'H\u00e9rouville near Pontoise in France in 1972. It is the ninth track on the album. It's a song on a leisurely beat with lyrical lyrics sung by Rick Wright. The lyrics tell the story of a man who can't remember the name of the woman next to him when he wakes up. entity was also released as a B-side single from Free Four.", "actor    entity is a French Canadian ballroom dance champion, choreographer and television personality from Longueuil, Quebec, Canada. He is most prominently known for his roles as judge and choreographer on the American and Canadian versions of So You Think You Can Dance, the French version of the hit television series Dancing with the Stars, and TVA\u9225\u6a9a hit dance competition series R\u8305volution.", "actor    entity is a ballroom dancer and choreographer from Quebec.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey team based in Voskresensk, Moscow Oblast, Russia. The team plays its home games in the 4,500 seat Podmoskovie Ice Palace, which was previously known as the Podmoskovie Sports Palace and the Khimik Sports Palace. It is currently playing in the VHL, the second level of ice hockey in Russia.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Voskresensk, Russia. It plays in the Vyscha\u00efa Liga.", "city    entity is a landlocked department in the \u00cele-de-France region, Northern France. It covers Paris's western inner suburbs. With a population of 1,603,268 and a total area of 176 square kilometres , it is the second most highly densely populated department of France after Paris. The population is sightly larger than Guinea-Bissau. Its prefecture is Nanterre although Boulogne-Billancourt, one of its two subprefectures alongside Antony, has a larger population.", "city    entity is a French department belonging to the inner suburbs of the \u00cele - de-France region. Insee and the Post Office give it the code 92. Its inhabitants are called the Altos \u00e9 quanais .", "airport    entity is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Vosges department in the Lorraine region.", "actor    entity was an American lawyer, jurist and statesman. He also served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.", "actor    entity was an American lawyer and Republican who served as United States Attorney General in the Hayes administration.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of Bulgaria. It is situated in the entity Valley at the foot of the Vitosha mountain in the western parts of the country. The city is built west of the Iskar river, and has many mineral springs, such as the entity Central Mineral Baths. It has a humid continental climate. Being in the centre of the Balkans, it is midway between the Black Sea and the Adriatic Sea, and closest to the Aegean Sea.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of Bulgaria, 590 meters above sea level at the foot of Mount Vitosha, not far from the Iskar River. It has 1.4 million inhabitants, the entitynci, or 17% of the country's population, placing entity 15th among the most populated cities in the European Union. entity is also the fourth largest city in the Balkans, after Istanbul, Athens and Bucharest.", "music    entity is the second studio album by British hip hop artist M.I.A.. It was released on 8 August 2007 by XL Recordings. M.I.A. named the album after her mother and said her mother's struggles in life are a major theme of the recording. It was mainly written and produced by M.I.A. and Switch, and features contributions from Timbaland, Diplo, Afrikan Boy and The Wilcannia Mob.", "music    entity is the second studio album by British artist MIA, released on August 8, 2007. Three singles were taken from this album: Boyz, Jimmy and Paper Planes. entity mixes several styles like Alternative Hip-Hop, Alternative Dance, Electronic and Indian styles like Urumee melam. The album is primarily produced by MIA itself and Switch, and it also features collaborations with Diplo, The Wilcannia Mob, Afrikan Boy, and Timbaland.", "city    entity is the capital of Turkey. Located in the central part of Anatolia, the city has a population of 4.5 million in its urban center and over 5.6 million in Ankara Province, making it Turkey's second-largest city after Istanbul.", "city    entity is also the prefecture of the province of the same name. Its inhabitants are the Ankariotes. Populated by 5 million inhabitants, the city is located 938 meters above sea level.", "singer    entity was a Romanian foil fencer, Olympic bronze medalist in 1960 and an Olympic team bronze medalist in 1968.", "singer    entity is a Romanian foil fencer. She was a bronze medalist in the individual foil event at the 1960 Summer Olympics. At the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, she was fifth in team foil and did not pass the first round of the individual event.", "sportsman    entity is a Jamaican former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as striker.", "sportsman    entity is a Jamaican international footballer, born October 14, 1950 in Kingston. Nicknamed Skill or Skilly, he is the first Jamaican to have evolved in the Brazilian Championship and the youngest player to have evolved under the Jamaican jersey. After his professional career, he became a traveling companion of Bob Marley.", "army    entity is one of three regiments , 4e R.H.F.S) in the French Army Special Forces Command . Heir to the traditions of the paratroopers of the Special Air Service of Free France and French Indochina, the regiment is the only French unit in mainland France to use the motto Qui ose gagne, translated from the British Army SAS motto Who Dares Wins.", "army    entity is a special forces parachute regiment of the French Army integrated into the Land Special Forces Brigade. Maintaining the tradition of the SAS parachute units of Free France and Indochina, this regiment is the only unit in mainland France to use the motto \"Who Dares Wins\" translated from the motto of the British SAS \"Who Dares Wins\".", "video game    entity was a cross-platform software development kit and game engine from Marmalade Technologies Limited that contains library files, samples, documentation and tools required to develop, test and deploy applications for mobile devices.", "video game    entity is a cross-platform software development kit and game engine by Marmalade Technologies Limited for mobile application. The development kit originally called Airplay SDK and developed by Ideaworks3D, was renamed Marmalade in 2011, while Ideaworks3D Limited was renamed Marmalade Technologies Limited.", "competition    entity was the 16th annual WrestleMania professional wrestling pay-per-view event produced by the World Wrestling Federation . It took place on April 2, 2000, at the Arrowhead Pond of Anaheim in Anaheim, California.", "competition    entity is a professional wrestling video game released in 1999 for the Nintendo 64 system. It is based on the annual pay-per-view, owned by the World Wrestling Federation, WrestleMania. Marketed during the Attitude Era, WrestleMania 2000 marked the great beginning of the partnership between THQ and the WWF.", "city    entity is a department in the Pays de la Loire region in Western France, on the Atlantic coast. In 2016, it had a population of 670,597. Its prefecture is La Roche-sur-Yon.", "city    entity is a French department crossed by the eponymous river, a tributary of the S\u00e8vre Niortaise. It is located in the Pays de la Loire region and in the historic province of Poitou, the department corresponding to the former Bas-Poitou. Insee and the Post office give it the code 85. Its prefecture is La Roche-sur-Yon.", "war    entity is the fifth studio album by Norwegian heavy metal band Enslaved.", "war    entity is the fifth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Enslaved. The album was released on October 3, 2000 under the Osmose Productions label. This album marks a certain break with the group's previous albums. Indeed, this album begins to include progressive elements, which were not in the band's previous albums.", "music    entity is the second studio album by English singer Leona Lewis. It was released on 9 November 2009 including 16 November in the United Kingdom, and 17 November 2009 in the United States. Its worldwide release was through Sony Music. The album charted across the globe, including the US, UK, Canada, across Europe, Mexico, Australia and New Zealand, with commercial success.", "music    entity is the second album by British singer Leona Lewis, released in November 2009. It is published by Sony BMG, Syco and J. The sounds of this album are pop, R&B or even rock. On this second album, Leona shows a completely different face from her previous hits, with more rock and more pop songs often accompanied by guitar. Leona Lewis wrote or co-wrote 11 of the 13 songs on the album.", "actor    entity was a Turkish paediatrician, entrepreneur, philanthropist, educationalist and college administrator of Iraqi Turkmen descent born in today's Erbil, Kurdistan Region, Iraq then Ottoman Empire. He was offered national political leadership positions such as ministry of foreign affairs and premiership by Cemal G\u00fcrsel and S\u00fcleyman Demirel, both of which he declined.", "actor    entity is a Turkish pediatrician and philanthropist.", "war    entity is a 1976 American-Soviet children's fantasy film directed by George Cukor. The screenplay by Hugh Whitemore, Alfred Hayes, and Aleksei Kapler is based on the 1908 play L'Oiseau bleu by Maurice Maeterlinck. It was the fifth screen adaptation of the play, following two silent films, the studio's 1940 version starring Shirley Temple, and a 1970 animated feature. It was famous as one of the few cinematic co-productions between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. However unlike prior adaptations the film received little-to-no critical praise and was a flop at the box office.", "war    entity is a 1976 Soviet-American film directed by George Cukor.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by Canadian electronic music producer Richie Hawtin, and his fourth studio album under the alias Plastikman. It was released on November 2, 1998 by Minus and Novamute Records. The album was devised as a way to bridge the periods between the Plastikman albums Musik and Consumed. The tracks on entity were originally produced by Hawtin for an unreleased album entitled Klinik that was intended to form a trilogy with his prior albums Sheet One and Musik. Hawtin ultimately scrapped Klinik and instead began work on Consumed. \"bc\" in the title is an acronym for \"Before Consumed\".", "music    entity is Plastikman's fifth album, released in 1998 on his Minus label. Although it was released after Consumed, it was actually designed before it, \"bc\" indeed means \"before Consumed\").", "war    entity is an American crime drama television series that aired on NBC during the 1981\u20131982 season. New episodes ended on March 20, and rebroadcasts continued until August 24, 1982.", "war    entity is an American television series in sixteen 45-minute episodes, created by Eric Bercovici and broadcast between November 20, 1981 and March 20, 1982 on the NBC network. In France, the series was broadcast from 11 June 1989 on FR3.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Schoolboy Q. It was released on January 14, 2012, exclusively on iTunes, by Top Dawg Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from ASAP Rocky, Jhen\u00e9 Aiko, Dom Kennedy, Currensy, Ab-Soul, Kendrick Lamar and Jay Rock. The production was handled by American producers The Alchemist, Lex Luger, Mike Will Made It, Best Kept Secret and ASAP Ty Beats, as well as members of Top Dawg in-house production team Digi+Phonics.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper ScHoolboy Q, released on January 14, 2012.", "music    entity is a box set by English singer/songwriter Nick Drake. It exists in several versions, all of which feature his three studio albums, plus additional material.", "music    entity is a box set by Nick Drake. It exists in several versions. The first version, released by Island in 1979, includes three discs, corresponding to the three albums of Drake.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, singer and the youngest member of the Cleveland rap group Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.", "singer    entity is an American rapper.", "music    entity is an instrumental 12-bar blues by the Beatles. It was recorded in 1965, but was not commercially available until 1996 when an edited version of take 2 of the song was included on the Anthology 2 album. Prior to editing, the length of take 2 was 6:36. entity was the Beatles' first instrumental after signing for EMI, and was produced by George Martin at EMI's Abbey Road Studios, London. Four other instrumentals by the group are the aforementioned \"Flying\", an outtake version of that song called \"Aerial Tour Instrumental\", \"Cayenne\" and \"Cry for a Shadow\".", "music    entity is an instrumental track by The Beatles, and one of the few whose composition is credited to the entire band. Conceived during the course of time allocated for the production of the album Rubber Soul, the track was recorded on November 4, 1965, but quickly dropped from the selection of titles to be released. Having remained in the studio archives for thirty years, it was not released on the Anthology 2 compilation until March 18, 1996.", "war    entity is a 2004 American buddy cop action comedy film directed by Todd Phillips. The film stars Ben Stiller as David Starsky and Owen Wilson as Ken \"Hutch\" Hutchinson and is a film adaptation of the original television series of the same name from the 1970s.", "war    entity is an American film directed by Todd Phillips, released in 2004. It is the adaptation of the television series entity.", "singer    entity is a melodic death/folk metal guitarist and vocalist. He is currently the lead vocalist in Ensiferum. Previously, he was a founding member and lead vocalist for Norther.", "singer    entity is a singer and guitarist born January 10, 1980 in Espoo, Finland. He founded the group Norther and is since 2004 the singer/guitarist of the group Ensiferum. His musical influences are Children of Bodom, Lost Horizon, Faith No More, Slayer, Testament, Skid Row.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album and third internationally released album by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette. Released by Maverick Records in the United States on February 26, 2002, and in the United Kingdom a day earlier , it was the first album Morissette had written and produced all on her own. It debuted at number one on charts in 12 countries, including the United States and Canada, and produced the singles \"Hands Clean\" and \"Precious Illusions\". Sales, however, did not match those of Morissette's previous two studio albums.", "music    entity is Alanis Morissette's fifth studio album released in 2002.", "mountain    entity are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps, located in Bavaria and Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg in Germany and Tyrol and Vorarlberg in Austria. The range lies directly east of Lake Constance.", "mountain    entity is the highest point of the massif.", "movie    entity is a Venezuelan film director, screenwriter and film producer. He wrote the screenplays to the films Gothika, Snakes on a Plane, The Eye and The Big Bounce, and wrote and directed two independent ensemble comedies, Women in Trouble and Elektra Luxx. Guti\u00e9rrez has also won the Critics' Award at the Festival du Film Policier de Cognac for his directorial debut Judas Kiss. In 2019, the Cinemax series Jett he created premiered, and he also wrote, directed as well as executive produced all of its episodes.", "movie    entity is a Venezuelan-American director, screenwriter, producer and actor. He received the Critics' Prize from the Cognac Crime Film Festival for his directorial debut for Judas Kiss.", "music    entity is a song written and performed by the Charlie Daniels Band and released on their 1979 album Million Mile Reflections. The song is written in the key of D minor. Vassar Clements originally wrote the basic melody an octave lower, in a tune called \"Lonesome Fiddle Blues\" released on Clements' self-titled 1975 album on which Charlie Daniels played guitar. The Charlie Daniels Band moved it up an octave and put words to it. The song's verses are closer to being spoken rather than sung , and tell the story of a young man named Johnny, in a variant on the classic deal with the Devil. The performances of the Devil and Johnny are played as instrumental bridges. The song was the band's biggest hit, reaching number three on the Billboard Hot 100, pre", "music    entity is a song written and performed by Charlie Daniels Band and released in 1979 on their album Million Mile Reflections. The song is composed in D minor. Vassar Clements had originally composed the melody an octave lower, for \"Lonesome Fiddle Blues\". The Charlie Daniels Band bumped it up an octave and added lyrics.", "singer    entity is a Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band, formed in 1992 by the band's lead singer, songwriter and costume maker, Mr entity . In addition to their melodic metal music, entity are also known for wearing monster masks and using horror elements with pyrotechnics during concerts and music videos. The band rose to fame in 2002 with their hit single \"Would You Love a Monsterman?\", and won the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 with their song \"Hard Rock Hallelujah\".", "singer    entity is a Finnish heavy metal band formed in 1992 by singer, songwriter and costume designer, Mr.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 524 inhabitants.", "city    entity is a village in the municipality of Po\u017earevac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1,329 people. Population is mainly ethnically Serbian, and main occupations are agriculture and trade. Many of the entity residents have moved out, becoming year-round guest-workers in Austria, Germany, Switzerland and Italy. entity has a school, grades K-8, serving children from nearby village of Re\u010dica as well. A Bronze Age figurine \"The Idol of entity\" was found in a grave in the village. It was destroyed during World War I.", "city    entity is a locality of Serbia located on the territory of the City of Po \u017e arevac , district of Brani \u010d evo.", "competition    entity was held on 13 August 2006 between 2005\u201306 Eredivisie champions PSV Eindhoven and 2005\u201306 KNVB Cup winners Ajax. Ajax won the match 3\u20131.", "competition    entity is the seventeenth edition of the Dutch Supercup, a contest between the Dutch champion and the winner of the Dutch Cup. Played on August 13, 2006 at the Amsterdam ArenA in front of 35,000 spectators, the match was won by Ajax Amsterdam at the expense of its rival, PSV Eindhoven.", "war    entity is a detective story by John Dickson Carr featuring his series detective Gideon Fell. This novel is a mystery of the type known as a locked room mystery.", "war    entity is the 11th novel in the series featuring the character Dr. Gideon. fell.", "language    entity is a city in Saline County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 1,855 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Saline County. entity is the official \"Czech Capital of the USA\" and hosts an annual Czech festival in August. entity's school is the entity-Clatonia High School.", "language    entity is a city in the state of Nebraska, seat of Saline County, in the central United States. Its population was 1,855 in 2010.", "music    entity is a Japanese musician, DJ, record producer, songwriter, composer, and arranger. He formed the band Capsule in 1997 with vocalist Toshiko Koshijima and himself as composer and record producer when both were 17. The band debuted in 2001 with the song \"Sakura\". As of September 25, 2019, Nakata has yielded a total of ten number-one albums, mostly under his production with Perfume and Kyary Pamyu Pamyu .", "music    entity is a Japanese electronic music DJ and producer. He is notably a member of the capsule duo with Toshiko Koshijima and producer of the group Perfume.", "city    entity is a cathedral city and county town of entityshire, England. The non-metropolitan district of entity had a 2012 population of 94,600. The 2011 census gave the urban area of entity, including North Hykeham and Waddington, a population of 115,000. Roman Lindum Colonia developed from an Iron Age settlement on the River Witham. Landmarks include entity Cathedral \u2013 English Gothic architecture, for over 200 years the world's tallest building \u2013 and the 11th-century Norman entity Castle. The city hosts the University of entity, Bishop Grosseteste University, entity City FC and entity United FC.", "city    entity is a town with city status and the county seat of the county of entityshire, England. Waddington.", "war    entity is a novel by the French writer Jules Verne, serialized in Le Temps in March and April 1877 and published immediately afterward by Pierre-Jules Hetzel. The first UK edition was published in October 1877 by Sampson Low, Marston, Searle and Rivington as The Child of the Cavern, or Strange Doings Underground. Other English titles for the novel include Black Diamonds and The Underground City.", "war    entity is a fantastic novel by Jules Verne, published in 1877. The author establishes in this story a parallel between the mythical wealth of the Indies, Eastern or Western, and the new wealth of the industrialized regions of Europe, based on coal , during the industrial revolution.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Aube department in north-central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Aube department in the Champagne-Ardenne region. Its inhabitants are the Chalettoises and the Chalettois.", "music    entity is a song by American band Thirty Seconds to Mars. The song was released on January 24, 2006 as the second single from their second album, A Beautiful Lie. It was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America and peaked at number 65 on the Billboard Hot 100.", "music    entity is an alternative rock song by Thirty Seconds to Mars. entity is the band's fourth single, and the second single from the album A Beautiful Lie. It was released in Europe on May 19, 2007, in the United States on January 24, 2006, and in Australia on November 3, 2006. It was a big hit around the world and performed relatively well on the charts.", "country    entity is a state in northern India. With over 200 million inhabitants, it is the most populated state in India as well as the most populous country subdivision in the world. It was created on 1 April 1937 as the United Provinces of Agra and Oudh during British rule, and was renamed entity in 1950, giving it the acronym UP. The state is divided into 18 divisions and 75 districts, with the state capital being Lucknow, and Allahabad serving as the judicial capital. On 9 November 2000, a new state, Uttaranchal , was carved from the state's Himalayan hill region. The two major rivers of the state, the Ganges and Yamuna, join at Triveni Sangam in Prayagraj and flow further east as Ganges. Oth", "country    entity is a state in the Indian Union located in the northern part of the country. It is the most populous state with approximately 200 million inhabitants.", "actor    entity is an American chemist at Harvard University. He won the 1986 Nobel Prize in Chemistry jointly with Yuan T. Lee and John C. Polanyi \"for their contributions concerning the dynamics of chemical elementary processes\". Herschbach and Lee specifically worked with molecular beams, performing crossed molecular beam experiments that enabled a detailed molecular-level understanding of many elementary reaction processes. Herschbach is a member of the Board of Sponsors of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.", "actor    entity is an American chemist. He was awarded the 1986 Nobel Prize in Chemistry jointly with Yuan Tseh Lee and John Charles Polanyi for \"their contributions to the dynamics of elementary chemical processes\".", "city    entity is a commune in the H\u00e9rault department in the Occitanie region in southern France. entity is a mountain village with a dozen hamlets. It contains a school, a city hall, a church, and a few farms. Most inhabitants of entity work in nearby Montpellier, many as researchers, teachers, engineers and technicians.", "city    entity is a French commune located in the department of Herault and the Languedoc-Roussillon region. The inhabitants of entity, are called the entityois.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. He played in the World Hockey Association with the Toronto Toros and Birmingham Bulls, and in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers and Winnipeg Jets between 1973 and 1980.", "sports team    entity is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played in a center position. A 1973 Memorial Cup champion with the Toronto Marlboros, Dillon made his professional debut the following season with the Toronto Toros of the World Hockey Association. Selected for the Series of the Century 1974, he does not however play any meeting.", "school    entity is a major public research university located in London, United Kingdom. UCL is a member institution of the federal University of London, and is the second-largest university in the United Kingdom by total enrolment and the largest by postgraduate enrolment.", "school    entity is the oldest college in the University of London. A world-renowned university, UCL is currently ranked 4th best university in the world by the QS World University Rankings, 21st by the Academic Ranking of World Universities and by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings. At European level, it is ranked 2nd, 3rd and 5th respectively by the same rankings.", "mountain    entity is a 1,898-metre-high mountain in the Kitzb\u00fchel Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is also a winter sports area.", "mountain    entity is a mountain that rises 1,898 m above sea level in the Kitzb\u00fchel Alps, Austria.", "music    entity is an album by The Shamen, released in 1990. It was the first Shamen album to feature Mr C, and the last to feature Will Sinnott . It fused the band's past psychedelic rock sounds with the rave act it became, developing a style that represented multicultural dance music.", "music    entity is a Shamen album, released in 1990. It is the first album in which Mr. C participated, and the last in which Will Sin participated.", "singer    entity is a Georgian-British singer and songwriter. She moved to the United Kingdom at the age of eight \u2013 first to Belfast, and then to London in 1999. Melua is signed to the small Dramatico record label, under the management of composer Mike Batt, and made her musical debut in 2003. In 2006, she became the United Kingdom's best-selling female artist and Europe's highest selling European female artist.", "singer    entity is a British singer, songwriter and musician of Georgian descent, born September 16, 1984 in Kutaisi, Georgia.", "music    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released on July 2, 1986, as the only single from the band's 1986 studio album of the same name. It was also issued as a promo single in the US by Elektra Records. The song was recorded during October\u2013December 1985 at Sweet Silence Studios in Copenhagen, Denmark.", "music    entity is a song by thrash metal band Metallica. It is the title track of their album entity. The song, as James Hetfield explained, \u201cdeals pretty much with drugs. How things get switched around, instead of you controlling what you're taking and doing, it's drugs controlling you. (deals a lot with drugs.", "music    entity is a song by Duran Duran. Released on 10 April 1989, it was the third and final single from the Big Thing album.", "music    entity is a song by the group Duran Duran, released as a single in 1989. It is the third single from their 5 studio album, Big Thing, released in 1988. As on the cover of Big Thing, the name of the group is written here \"Duranduran \".", "music    entity is a song by American band Blondie. Originally from the band's self-titled debut album, Blondie, the song was Blondie's second and final single on the Private Stock label.", "music    entity is the second single from the album Blondie released in 1976. It is also the last single released under the Private Stock label.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by Italian folk metal band Elvenking. entity was released on September 14, 2007 through AFM Records in all European countries, and November 7 in the USA by Candlelight Records. This is the first concept album by Elvenking, with lyrics centered on the death of a beautiful woman along with themes of revenge and deceit. This is also illustrated in the video to \"The Divided Heart\".", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by Italian folk/power metal band Elvenking. The album was released on September 14, 2007 under the AFM Records label. The title The divided heart was released as a single on October 20, 2007.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drzewica, within Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north-west of Drzewica, 13 km north-east of Opoczno, and 74 km south-east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The village has a population of 590.", "stadium    entity is a village in the gmina of Drzewica, Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "movie    entity is a Japanese animation studio established in November 2003 by ex-Xebec members.", "movie    entity is a Japanese animation studio founded in November 2003 by former members of Xebec.", "music    entity is the fourth single by the Foo Fighters from their self-titled debut album. Released in the spring of 1996, the song became a crossover hit for the band on pop radio, when it reached #13 on the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay.", "music    entity is the fourth single by Foo Fighters from their 1995 album Foo Fighters. Although it never made the Billboard Hot 100, the song became a hit for the band and peaked at number 13. in the Billboard Hot 100 Airplay. The video, which parodies the Mentos advertising campaign, was filmed in Sydney, Australia.", "music    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica. It is the opening track and lead single from their self-titled fifth album, released in 1991. The music was written by Kirk Hammett, James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich. Vocalist and rhythm guitarist Hetfield wrote the lyrics, which deal with the concept of a child's nightmares.", "music    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released as the lead single in support of their self-titled fifth album Metallica released in 1991. The music was written by Kirk Hammett, James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich.", "music    entity is the first single released from MC Ren's debut solo album, Shock of the Hour. It was released on October 29, 1993 and was produced by Tootie. \"Same Ol' Shit\" became MC Ren's most successful single chart-wise by making it to #90 on the Billboard Hot 100, his only single to make it to that chart.", "music    entity is a song by rapper MC Ren released in October 1993, from the album Shock of the Hour.", "actor    entity was an Irish-British actor known for his leading man roles of the 1950s. He received a Golden Globe Award for Most Promising Newcomer \u2013 Male, and an Academy Award for Best Actor nomination and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor nomination for his performance as Corporal Lachlan MacLachlan in the 1949 film The Hasty Heart. His other notable roles include Jonathan Cooper in Stage Fright , Wing Commander Guy Gibson in The Dam Busters , Sir Walter Raleigh in The Virgin Queen , and Major John Howard in The Longest Day . He was previously a Captain in the British Army during World War II, fighting in the D-Day landings as a member of the 7th Parachute Battalion.", "actor    entity is a British actor, born on June 11, 1919 in Dublin and died in Little Humby on December 3, 2009.", "music    entity is a song by Swedish DJ and record producer Avicii, released as the lead single from his debut studio album True, released on CD by PRMD Music and Island Records on 17 June 2013. entity was written by Avicii, Mike Einziger, and American soul singer Aloe Blacc. Aloe Blacc also provides vocals for the track and Mike Einziger of Incubus provides acoustic guitar. Peter Dyer also provides keyboard on the song. Avicii introduced \"Wake Me Up!\" for the first time live on stage at the Ultra Music Festival in Miami. The experimental rendering reportedly confused and angered a section of the electronic dance festival communi", "music    entity is a song by Swedish producer and DJ Avicii featuring singer Aloe Blacc, taken from his debut studio album, True. The track was released as the album's lead single on June 17, 2013. in the Netherlands, Belgium, Canada, Italy and Switzerland in particular.", "singer    entity is a former Yugoslav tennis player. Jovanovi\u0107 was runner-up in the 1962 Wimbledon doubles tournament with Nikola Pili\u0107, and quarter-finalist in the 1968 Wimbledon doubles tournament. In singles, Jovanovi\u0107 reached the final of the 1963 Italian Open and the quarterfinals of the 1968 French Open. In 1972, entity joined the World Championship Tennis Tour. He was ranked World No. 8 for 1963 by Lance Tingay of The Daily Telegraph.", "singer    entity is a former Yugoslavian and then Croatian tennis player. He played for the Yugoslavia Davis Cup team from 1959 to 1974.", "music    entity is a 1978 single by Electric Light Orchestra from the album Out of the Blue . Its original title was \"Dead End Street\", but it was changed during recording. Some words that survived from that version can be heard in the opening of the third verse, \"I've been livin' on a dead end street\". The track became the third top ten hit from the LP in the UK, peaking at number 6. As a novelty, initial copies of the 12-inch and 7-inch single formats were pressed in transparent purple vinyl. \u00a8Sweet Talkin\u2019 Woman\u00a8 is written in the key of C major.", "music    entity is a song by the Electric Light Orchestra from the album Out of the Blue, released in 1978. The following year, it was the fourth single from this album, with the B side Bluebird is Dead in the Kingdom UK and Fire On High in the US. This single ranked 6th in the UK and 17th in the US. Rock Portal Rock Portal Music Portal Music Portal \u2022 Song section", "music    entity is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 1985. When they signed to Geffen Records in 1986, the band comprised vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler. The current lineup consists of Rose, Slash, McKagan, guitarist Richard Fortus, drummer Frank Ferrer and keyboardists Dizzy Reed and Melissa Reese.", "music    entity is an American hard rock band from Los Angeles.", "music    entity is the thirty-second album by jazz pianist Herbie Hancock, released on September 29, 1981 on Columbia. This album continues his collaboration with associate producer Jeffrey Cohen, who co-wrote four of the tracks on the album. Additionally, the track \"Satisfied with Love\" was co-written by his sister, Jean Hancock. Personnel involved in this album, besides Herbie himself, include among others: Wah-Wah Watson, Ray Parker Jr., Sylvester, Paulinho da Costa, Adrian Belew and Sheila Escovedo.", "music    entity is an album by Herbie Hancock released in 1981.", "video game    entity is a project management software product, developed and sold by Microsoft. It is designed to assist a project manager in developing a schedule, assigning resources to tasks, tracking progress, managing the budget, and analyzing workloads. entity was the company's third Microsoft Windows-based application. Within a few years after its launch, it became the dominant PC-based project management software. entity and entity Server are the cornerstones of the Microsoft Office enterprise project management product.", "video game    entity is a project management software published by Microsoft. It enables project managers and planners to plan and steer projects, manage resources and budget, and analyze and communicate project data. Used by more than 20 million project managers today, entity is the most widely used project management software in the world.", "music    entity is a song written by Pete Townshend and recorded by the English rock band the Who. It appears as the seventh track on their debut album My Generation .", "music    entity is a song by British rock band The Who written by the band's guitarist Pete Townshend. It appears on the album My Generation released in 1965. This song and the title track of the album became anthems for The Who for the Mod movement of 1960s England. It was also the name of the documentary on the group appeared in 1979.", "war    entity is a 1947 American black comedy film directed by and starring Charlie Chaplin, who plays a bigamist wife killer inspired by serial killer Henri D\u00e9sir\u00e9 Landru. The supporting cast includes Martha Raye, William Frawley, and Marilyn Nash.", "war    entity is an American film, a tragicomedy, directed by Charlie Chaplin, released in 1947. It is Chaplin's first film in which he does not appear as the Tramp. entity was harshly received by the critics and the public; he was, however, nominated for the 1947 Oscars", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Evanescence, recorded for their debut studio album, Fallen . Wind-up released it as the lead single from the album on April 7, 2003. The track was written by group members Amy Lee, Ben Moody, and David Hodges and produced by Dave Fortman. It also features uncredited guest vocals from Paul McCoy of the band 12 Stones. entity is a nu metal, gothic metal, hard rock and an alternative rock song. According to Lee, entity has several meanings and inspirations; its subjects are an incident in a restaurant, open-mindedness, and waking up to the things which are missing in the protagonist's life. Lee later revealed that the song was inspired by her long-time friend and husband Josh Hartzler.", "music    entity is Evanescence's first single from the album Fallen.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American girl group the Pussycat Dolls for their second studio album, Doll Domination . The song features a guest appearance from American rapper Missy Elliott, who co-wrote it with the song's producer Polow da Don, Ester Dean, and Micka\u00ebl Furnon, who received songwriting credit due to his work being sampled. It was released on September 9, 2008 as the album's second single in the United States and on February 23, 2009 as the third single in the United Kingdom. The electropop and R&B midtempo song samples \"Je m'appelle Jane\" by Jane Birkin and is built on a bhangra-inspired guitar riff. Lyrically, the Pussycat Dolls reverse roles towards an overbearing and controlling partner. Elliott references American singer Katy Perry and her song", "music    entity is a song by Pussycat Dolls feat. Missy Elliot.", "singer    entity was a German politician from the German Democratic Republic . He was born in Berlin into a middle-class Protestant family. Dertinger briefly studied law and economics. After his study he became a journalist and later editor for the Magdeburger Volkszeitung and the nationalistic newspaper Der Stahlhelm. He broke with the Stahlhelm because of its rigid right-wing philosophy. He sympathized with the German National People's Party, a right-wing nationalist party.", "singer    entity was a German politician. Between 1949 and 1953, he was Minister of Foreign Affairs in the government of the GDR.", "city    entity is a city, ceremonial county and unitary authority in England. Situated on the River Avon, it is bordered by the ceremonial counties of Gloucestershire, to the north; and Somerset, to the south. entity is the most populous city in South West England.The wider entity Built-up Area is the eleventh most populous urban area in the United Kingdom. One of the UK's most popular tourist destinations, entity was named the best city in Britain in which to live in 2014 and 2017, and won the European Green Capital Award in 2015.", "city    entity is a British city located in the South West of England, on the River Avon traditionally marking the border between the counties of Gloucestershire and Somerset. With an estimated population of 432,500 in 2012, entity is the sixth largest city in England and the eighth of the United Kingdom. Since 1542, entity has officially had the status of a city and a unitary authority. The city has 450 parks and gardens.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gosty\u8245 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres south-east of Piaski, 9 km east of Gosty\u8245, and 62 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u8245.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Piaski in Gosty\u0144 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "singer    entity is a Croatian politician and historian who has served as a member of the Croatian Parliament since 2016. He served as Minister of Culture in the cabinet of Tihomir Ore\u0161kovi\u0107 from 22 January to 19 October 2016. Hasanbegovi\u0107 is also a member of the Zagreb Assembly and one of the founders of the Independents for Croatia party. From 2019, he is the president of the Bloc for Croatia political party.", "singer    entity is a Croatian historian and politician. He was Minister of Culture of the Republic of Croatia between January and October 2016.", "school    entity is a natural science that studies celestial objects and phenomena. It uses mathematics, physics, and chemistry in order to explain their origin and evolution. Objects of interest include planets, moons, stars, nebulae, galaxies, and comets. Relevant phenomena include supernova explosions, gamma ray bursts, quasars, blazars, pulsars, and cosmic microwave background radiation. More generally, astronomy studies everything that originates beyond Earth's atmosphere. Cosmology is a branch of astronomy that studies the universe as a whole.", "school    entity is the science of observing the stars, seeking to explain their origin, their evolution, as well as their physical and chemical properties. With over 7,000 years of history, the origins of astronomy go back beyond antiquity to prehistoric religious practices. entity is one of the few sciences where amateurs still play an active role.", "music    entity is the second solo studio album by American recording artist Havoc, a half of the hip hop duo Mobb Deep. It was released on February 24, 2009, on Koch Records. The singles \"Watch Me\" and \"Heart of the Grind\" have been released. Mobb Deep performs together on the song \"On a Mission\".", "music    entity is Havoc's second studio album, released on February 24, 2009. The \"half\" of Mobb Deep offers 14 tracks here and collaborates here with artists such as Cassidy, Rell, Styles P. and even his friend Prodigy.", "music    entity is the second studio album by English alternative rock band Queenadreena, released in 2002. Since the band switched labels from Rough Trade to One Little Indian, the album became out of print and has become somewhat of a collector's item. The original British pressing of the album featured a controversial hidden image in the jewel casing. One Little Indian records have stated that there are no plans to re-release the album.", "music    entity is Queen Adreena's second album released on June 24, 2002 on the Rough Trade and One Little Indian labels. The album is no longer in a hurry today and remains quite difficult to find. The album notably contains the group's most famous title: Pretty Like Drugs.", "music    entity is the second studio album by French power pop group Superbus. It reached the 26th place on French album charts. It was released in June 2004. Its first single, Radio Song, is a playable bonus song on Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock.", "music    entity is the second album by French band Superbus. It was released on June 1, 2004 and re-released on March 14, 2005. Sunshine, Radio Song, entity and Little Hily are the four singles. The album sold 110,000 copies, reached number 26 on the French charts and was certified gold.", "war    entity is one of the best-known portraits by Spanish painter Diego Vel\u00e1zquez. Executed in oil on canvas, it measures 127 cm high by 107 cm wide and was one of Vel\u00e1zquez's last paintings, produced in 1659, a year before his death. It shows Margaret Theresa of Spain who also appears in the artist's Las Meninas. Currently, the painting is in the Kunsthistorisches Museum.", "war    entity is an oil on canvas painted in 1659 by Diego V\u00e9lasquez and kept at the Museum of Art History in Vienna", "music    entity is the ninth studio album by American rock band Melvins, released in 1997 through Amphetamine Reptile Records. It is widely considered to be the band's most experimental album. Their first studio album after being dropped from Atlantic, it contains a mixture of traditional Melvins-sounding rock, experiments with drones and soundscapes, and some rather uncharacteristic electronic pieces. A video was made for \"Mombius Hibachi\". The final track, \"In the Freaktose the Bugs are Dying\", concludes with more than 25 minutes of silence.", "music    entity is a Melvins album released in 1997 on Amphetamine Reptile Records. It is widely considered to be the band's most experimental album. This is their first album after their ousting from Atlantic. It contains a mixture of the characteristic rock sound of the Melvins, experiments with drones and singular musical atmospheres, and even some atypical electronic elements. A music video was made for Mombius Hibachi.", "music    entity is a single by Swedish house producers Sebastian Ingrosso and Alesso featuring American recording artist Ryan Tedder of OneRepublic. It was released in Sweden on 13 March 2012 and in the UK on 27 May 2012. American recording artist Matthew Koma assisted the artists in writing the song. The original instrumental version of the track was released on 31 August 2011, under the name \"Calling\". The song topped the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart and was also a top-ten hit in Australia and the UK. It was featured on Swedish House Mafia's second compilation album Until Now, released on 22 October 2012.", "music    entity is an instrumental house song by two Swedish DJs and composers Sebastian Ingrosso and Alesso released on August 31, 2011 under the Refune and UMG labels. The song was written by Ryan Tedder, Sebastian Ingrosso, Alessandro Lindblad, Matthew Blair and produced by Sebastian Ingrosso, Alesso.", "movie    entity is a film entertainment company in India. The company started as a joint venture agreement between Priya Exhibitors Private Limited and Village Roadshow Limited in 1995 with 60:40 ratio. It began its commercial operations in June 1997. The company is founded by Ajay Bijli who is the chairman and managing director of entity. Ajay Bijli's brother Sanjeev Kumar Bijli is the Joint Managing Director of PVR Ltd. The company also operates a pro-active CSR wing under PVR. The first PVR Gold Screen was introduced in Forum Mall, Bengaluru.", "movie    entity is one of the biggest cinema operators in India. The company started in joint venture with Priya Exhibitors Private Limited and Village Roadshow. As of 2009, PVR has a total of 106 screens in 26 multi-screens across India.", "singer    entity is a French music group from Toulouse, France, known for its political activism and its wide variety of musical styles. The group, which was formed in 1985, consisted of seven musicians of diverse nationalities, and the themes of much of their music involved political and social justice, the status of immigrants and minorities in France, and the inhabitants of the French banlieues, or suburbs. entity earned widespread recognition, as well as several awards, for its 1998 single \"Tomber la chemise\" . In 2001, the band spearheaded an independent political party that won over 12% of the first-round vote in Toulouse's municipal elections. The group disbanded in 2003 but reformed in 2011.", "singer    entity is a French music group of various influences, originally from Toulouse and active mainly from the beginning of the 1990s to 2003. A militant and committed group, particularly with the Tactikollectif, entity won great success with the public and critics with the albums Noise and Smell and especially Ordinary Essence for which they received numerous distinctions.", "music    entity is a song by American rappers Jay-Z and Kanye West from their collaborative album Watch the Throne . The song is built around a synth bell loop from the Dirty South Bangaz music library and also contains vocal samples from \"Baptizing Scene\" by Reverend W.A. Donaldson, an interpolation of \"Victory\" by Puff Daddy featuring The Notorious B.I.G. and Busta Rhymes, and dialogue excerpts from the 2007 film Blades of Glory. On the week of the album's release, the song debuted at number 75 on the US Billboard Hot 100 eventually peaking at number 1. As of 2018, it has sold 6.7 million archetype digital units in the United States. The song won Best Rap Performance and Best Rap", "music    entity is a song by Jay-Z and Kanye West, 4th single from their joint album Watch the Throne. The single sold 3 million copies in the United States.", "city    entity is a town in the Eastern Region of Uganda. It is the chief town of entity District, and the district headquarters are located there. The town was elevated to Municipal Council status in 2019.", "city    entity is a town, capital of entity District, Uganda.", "singer    entity was an American singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. Daniels' music encompassed multiple genres in a career spanning five decades, including southern rock, country rock, country, bluegrass, blues and gospel. He was best known for his number-one country hit \"The Devil Went Down to Georgia\". Much of his output, including all but one of his eight Billboard Hot 100 charting singles, was credited to the Charlie Daniels Band.", "singer    entity is an American musician, born October 28, 1936 in Wilmington, North Carolina. He is a country music singer-songwriter, best known for The Devil Went Down to Georgia.", "sportsman    entity is a Scottish football broadcaster and retired player. He played for Dundee United, Aston Villa, Wolverhampton Wanderers, Everton, Aston Villa, Notts County , West Bromwich Albion, Rangers and Cheltenham Town. He won 20 caps for Scotland.", "sportsman    entity is a former Scottish footballer who played as a striker at Aston Villa and in the Scottish team, for which he scored seven goals during his twenty selections between 1975 and 1985. Andy Gray is now a sports commentator on British television for channels such as Sky Sports or ESPN.", "war    entity is a 1921 American silent drama film starring Mary Pickford. The film was written and directed by Frances Marion. Pickford selected the story as she wanted to play an adult and not another adolescent role.", "war    entity is a 1921 American silent film by Frances Marion.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day. It was released in August 1997 as the first single from their fifth album, Nimrod, and is the second track on the album. The single reached number five on the US Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart, number nine on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart, and number 25 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was later featured as the fourteenth track on their International Superhits! and as the eighth track off of God's Favorite Band .", "music    entity is a song by American punk band Green Day and the first single from their fifth album, Nimrod, released in 1997. It is considered a minor hit by the band.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by American rapper Ludacris under Def Jam Recordings. It was released on March 31, 2015. Recording sessions took place during 2011 to 2015, while the production on the album was handled by several producers; including Mike Will Made It, Rico Love, Giorgio Tuinfort and Da Internz, among others.", "music    entity is Ludacris' ninth studio album, released on March 31, 2015.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres east of Krotoszyn and 89 km south-east of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The village has a population of 270.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Krotoszyn in Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "sports team    entity is a former Latvian professional ice hockey goaltender. Naumovs began career with Dinamo Riga in the Soviet League. In 1994, he moved to North America and had spells with the Oklahoma City Blazers, San Diego Gulls, Las Vegas Thunder and the Long Beach Ice Dogs. He moved to Sweden's Elitserien with Leksands IF in 2000 before moving back to America with the Greensboro Generals. The next season, he returned to Sweden, signing with Djurg\u00e5rdens IF Hockey. He then played for various Russian teams from 2002 to 2006 before moving to Italy. In 2008, he played for Dinamo Riga in the Kontinental Hockey League.", "sports team    entity is a Latvian professional ice hockey player turned coach.", "music    entity is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released in 2003 as a single, to coincide with the release of their Greatest Hits album. The song, along with \"Save the Population\" , was recorded at The Mansion and produced by Rick Rubin. A music video was also produced.", "music    entity is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released in 2003, at the same time as their compilation album Greatest Hits. Two different versions exist, the first contains \"entity\" and two other songs, \"Eskimo\" and \"Bunker Hill\", the second contains \"Californication\" and \" Tuesday Night in Berlin\u201d, both remixed by Ekkehard Ehlers.", "singer    entity is a Swedish heavy metal band originally known as Avalanche. The band is notable for having three lead vocalists: Elize Ryd, Henrik Englund Wilhelmsson, and Nils Molin, each presenting a different vocal style.", "singer    entity is a melodic death / power metal band from Sweden and Denmark. The formation stands out for the fact that it includes three singers with well-differentiated voice timbres.", "music    entity is a development of jazz incorporating strong influences from blues, soul, gospel and rhythm and blues in music for jazz combo, often an organ trio featuring a Hammond organ.", "music    entity is based on repetitive musical phrases and less complex solos than those of hard bop. Soul music was an independent phenomenon.", "music    entity is a Spanish dance song by Los del R\u00edo about a woman of the same name. Appearing on the 1993 album A m\u00ed me gusta, it was an international hit and dance craze in the latter half of 1996 and part of 1997. The song got the group ranked the \"No. 1 Greatest One-Hit Wonder of All Time\" by VH1 in 2002. The song uses a type of clave rhythm. In 2012, it was ranked No. 7 on Billboard's All Time Top 100. It also ranked at No. 1 on Billboard's All Time Latin Songs.", "music    entity is a song by the Spanish group Los del R\u00edo released in 1993. Appeared on the album entitled A m\u00ed me gusta in 1994, the single became a real worldwide success between the years 1995 and 1996. In 2002, the song was classified as first place in the \"100 greatest one-hit wonders\" according to the American cable music channel VH1. The video clip was directed by Vincent Calvet.", "actor    entity is an American chemist and Nobel Laureate known for his work on stereoselective reactions and click chemistry.", "actor    entity is an American chemist and currently professor of chemistry at the prestigious Scripps Research Institute in San Diego. He is the winner of half of the 2001 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.", "language    entity is a former American football quarterback who played in the National Football League for 20 seasons, primarily with the Green Bay Packers. Favre had 321 consecutive starts from 1992 to 2010, including 297 regular season games, the most in league history. He was also the first NFL quarterback to obtain 70,000 yards, 10,000 passes, 6,000 completions, 500 touchdowns, 200 wins, and victories over all 32 teams.", "language    entity is an American football player who played as a quarterback. Often considered one of the greatest quarterbacks in history for his talent and longevity, selected 11 times in the Pro Bowl during his career, he played for the Green Bay Packers between 1992 and 2007 and won Super Bowl XXXI with them, played Super Bowl XXXII and received the MVP title three years in a row. left the packs", "airport    entity is a railway station in the commune of Versailles , in the entity neighborhood. It is in the \u00cele-de-France region of France and is part of the Transilien rail network, on the Paris-Saint-Lazare \u2013 Versailles-Rive-Droite line.", "airport    entity is a French railway station on the line from Paris-Saint-Lazare to Versailles-Rive-Droite, located in the town of Versailles, in the district of Montreuil. Opened on May 15, 1931 by the Administration des chemins de State railway, it is now a station of the French National Railway Company served by trains of the L line of the Transilien.", "music    entity is the fourth album by American rapper Mos Def, released on June 9, 2009, by the independent record label Downtown Records. After venturing further away from hip hop with an acting career and two poorly received albums, Mos Def signed a recording contract with Downtown and recorded entity primarily at the Record Plant in Los Angeles. He worked with producers such as Preservation, Mr. Flash, Oh No, and Madlib, the latter two of whom reused instrumentals they had produced on Stones Throw Records. The work of Stones Throw rapper MF Doom was also cited by Mos Def as an influence, while singer Georgia Anne Muldrow, formerly of the record label, performed as one of the album's few guest vocalists, along with rappers Slick Rick and Talib Kweli.", "music    entity is Mos Def's fourth studio album, released on June 29, 2009. The album ranked #2 on Top Rap Albums and Top Independent Albums, #5 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and #9 on the Billboard 200.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist. He has released nine solo studio albums and multiple collaborative albums with other artists. Stevens has received Grammy and Academy Award nominations.", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter. He is known for his songs that pay as much attention to the lyrics as to the instrumentation. He plays several different instruments, with a preference for the banjo. He is now one of the most prolific American artists and enjoys great critical success in the United States.", "country    entity is a coastal country in West Africa. Guinea borders the Atlantic Ocean to the west, Guinea-Bissau to the northwest, Senegal to the north, Mali to the northeast, Cote d'Ivoire to the southeast, and Sierra Leone and Liberia to the south. Formerly known as French Guinea , the modern country is sometimes referred to as Guinea-Conakry after its capital Conakry, to distinguish it from other territories in the eponymous region such as Guinea-Bissau and Equatorial Guinea. Guinea has a population of 12.4 million and an area of 245,857 square kilometres .", "country    entity is a country in West Africa. Rich in natural resources, it is nicknamed the water tower of West Africa and has a third of the world's bauxite reserves, it is nicknamed the \u201cgeological scandal\u201d. It gained independence from France on October 2, 1958, making it the first country in French sub-Saharan Africa to do so.", "sportsman    entity is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder or forward.", "sportsman    entity is an Ivorian footballer, playing as a striker at Samsunspor.", "sports team    entity were an ice hockey team based in Toronto that played in the World Hockey Association from 1973 to 1976.", "sports team    entity is the name of a professional ice hockey franchise that evolved in the 1970s in North America. They played in the world hockey association between 1973 and 1976. After that, the team moved to Birmingham, Alabama and became the Birmingham Bulls. The team is based in Toronto, Ontario, province of Canada and plays its home games at Varsity Arena and then at Maple Leaf Gardens.", "body of water    entity is the fourth-largest river in terms of water inflows and river basin area in India, after the Ganga, Godavari and Brahmaputra. The river, also called Krishnaveni, is almost 1,288 kilometres long. It is a major source of irrigation for Maharashtra, Karnataka, Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.", "body of water    entity is one of the longest rivers in India with a course of 1,290 kilometers. Rising from the Western Ghats, it crosses South India from West to East and empties into the Bay of Bengal at Hamasaladeevi in \u200b\u200bAndhra Pradesh. Its vast delta has created a kind of peninsula which is traditionally considered the northern limit of the Coromandel Coast.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey team based in the city of Lausanne, Switzerland, which competes in the National League - the top tier of Swiss hockey. During the 2004\u201305 NHL lockout, the HC Lausanne signed National Hockey League players like Martin St. Louis and Andy Roach. The team plays its home games in the 10,000-seat Vaudoise Ar\u00e9na.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from the city of Lausanne in Switzerland, created in 1922. It plays in the National League A.", "music    entity is an American record producer, rapper, and songwriter. He has collaborated with a broad range of popular artists. Jerkins has won multiple Grammy Awards. Among his most successful productions are \"Tell Me\" by Mel B, \"Stay with Me\" by Sam Smith, \"The Boy Is Mine\" and \"What About Us?\" by Brandy, \"I Can Love You\" and \"Enough Cryin\" by Mary J. Blige, \"Daydreamin'\" by Tatyana Ali, \"Angel of Mine\" by Monica, \"It's Not Right but It's Okay\" by Whitney Houston, \"Say My Name\" and \"Cater 2 U\" by Destiny's Child, \"If You Had My Love\" by Jennifer Lopez, \"He Wasn't Man Enough\" by Toni Braxton, \"You Rock My World\" by Michael Jackson, \"One Wish\" by Ray J, \"D\u00e9j\u00e0 Vu\" by Beyonc\u00e9, \"Telephone\" by Lady Gaga, and \"As Long as You Lo", "music    entity is an American RnB music producer. He achieved worldwide fame in 1998, by composing the title The Boy Is Mine, hit single International of Brandy and Monica. He again gained success with the singles If You Had My Love by Jennifer Lopez and It's Not Right But It's Okay by Whitney Houston in 1999.", "airport    entity is a seaside town in the Southern Region of Malta, close to Marsaxlokk. It is approximately 8 miles from the capital Valletta, and it has a population of 9,736 as of March 2014. The town is popular among Maltese holiday makers, and it known for its sandy beach, Pretty Bay. The village is also notable for its important archaeological sites, especially G\u0127ar Dalam, Ta' Ka\u010b\u010batura and Bor\u0121 in-Nadur.", "airport    entity is a locality in Malta of about 10,000 inhabitants, located in the south east of Malta in the bay of Marsaxlokk . It is the place of a local council included in the Xlokk region .", "war    entity is a 1995 American crime drama film written and directed by Michael Mann. It features an ensemble cast led by Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, with Tom Sizemore, Jon Voight, and Val Kilmer in supporting roles. The film follows the conflict between an LAPD detective, played by Pacino, and a career thief, played by De Niro, while also depicting its effect on their professional relationships and personal lives.", "war    entity is an American film directed by Michael Mann, released on December 15, 1995. The film stars Robert De Niro and Al Pacino, in the respective roles of a leader of a professional robbery team and a lieutenant of obstinate police who engage in a struggle from a distance and see their private and professional lives inevitably linked. This is the remake of LA Takedown, a 1989 TV movie by Michael Mann.", "army    entity was a United States Army airborne formation, first activated on 25 February 1943, during World War II. Consisting of one parachute and two glider infantry regiments, with supporting troops, the division underwent rigorous training throughout 1943. It played a vital role in the successful Knollwood Maneuver, which was organized to determine the viability of large-scale American airborne formations after their utility had been called into question following a disappointing performance during the Allied invasion of Sicily.", "army    entity is an airborne formation of the United States Army, which emerged on February 25, 1943, during World War II. It comprises one infantry regiment and two infantry regiments transported by glider or airborne infantry. The members of this unit undergo difficult training throughout 1943. It plays a central role during the Knollwood maneuver, set up to measure the effectiveness of airborne formations used on a large scale.", "airport    entity is a train station in Busan, South Korea. It is the southern terminus of the Gyeongbu Line, the most important railway line in the country, which links Busan with Seoul in just under three hours on the KTX line of Korea's high-speed rail system. It is also an underground station on Busan Metro Line 1 between Jungang and Choryang stations.", "airport    entity is a railway station in South Korea. It is the southern terminus of the Gyeongbu line, the most important railway line in the country, which connects Pusan \u200b\u200band Seoul in less than 3 hours with the KTX.", "music    entity is the fifth song on Pink Floyd's 1971 album Meddle. The group performs it in the style of country blues, with vocals, an acoustic slide guitar in an open D tuning, and piano. The song is named after the Border Collie who howls throughout the 2:15 piece. Group biographer Nicholas Schaffner calls the tune \"dispensable\"; David Gilmour added \"I guess it wasn't really as funny to everyone else it was to us\".", "music    entity is the fifth song on Pink Floyd's album Meddle and also the name of Pink Floyd associate Steve Marriott's dog, which David Gilmour sometimes kept in his home. Years later, the song appeared in the Tom Stoppard Rosencrantz & Guildenstern film Are Dead.", "stadium    entity is an American former professional baseball first baseman who played 12 seasons in Major League Baseball . He played for the Atlanta Braves, Pittsburgh Pirates, Boston Red Sox, Arizona Diamondbacks, Washington Nationals and Chicago White Sox. He is the son of pitcher Dave LaRoche and the brother of third baseman Andy LaRoche.", "stadium    entity is a first baseman for the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball. He is the son of 1970s Major League pitcher Dave LaRoche and brother of Andy LaRoche.", "music    entity is Jacques Brel's tenth studio album. Originally released in 1967 by Barclay , the album was reissued on 23 September 2003 under the title entity as part of the 16-CD box set Bo\u536fte \u813f Bonbons by Barclay .", "music    entity is the ninth studio album by Jacques Brel, released by Barclay in 1967. It is his first 33 rpm directly released in 30 cm format and not compiled from super 45 rpm or scraps of 25 cm albums .", "city    entity is a city on the banks of the Orontes River in west-central Syria. It is located 213 km north of Damascus and 46 kilometres north of Homs. It is the provincial capital of the entity Governorate. With a population of 854,000 , entity is the fourth-largest city in Syria after Damascus, Aleppo and Homs.", "city    entity is a city in Syria, known in antiquity as Epiphania. Of the fortress in the center of the city, there remains only the hill on which it was built on the edge of the Orontes. It was the scene of violent clashes between the Muslim Brotherhood, the Arab nationalists of the Iraqi Baath, the Syrian left and the Syrian army of Hafez el-Assad in February 1982.", "music    entity is a song by English pop singer Robbie Williams, released on 11 September 2012 as the lead single from his ninth studio album Take the Crown. It was written by Williams and Gary Barlow, sampling a riff from \"Eurodans\" by Terje Olsen. The song was Williams's first UK number-one single since \"Radio\" in 2004, and was deliberately produced in the style of other 2012 chart-toppers in a calculated attempt to re-establish his presence in the UK charts.", "music    entity is a song by British artist Robbie Williams released on September 21, 2012 through Universal Records. 1st single taken from his 9th studio album Take the Crown, the song is written by Gary Barlow, Robbie Williams and Terje Olsen. entity is produced by Jacknife Lee.", "music    entity is the second studio album by the English progressive rock band Camel, released on 1 March 1974. It features songs such as \"The White Rider\", \"Lady Fantasy\", and \"Supertwister\" which includes a showcase for Andrew Latimer's flute. There are five tracks on entity, two over 9 minutes. Those two are multi-part songs: \"Lady Fantasy\" and \"Nimrodel/The Procession/The White Rider\", the latter being about The Lord of the Rings. The album was released on Gama Records/Deram Records. Mick Rock shot the inner sleeve photo.", "music    entity is the second album by British progressive rock band Camel, released in 1974.", "sportsman    entity is a former professional footballer who played as midfielder. Born in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Nik\u00e7i represented Switzerland internationally.", "sportsman    entity is a Swiss footballer from Kosovo born on November 10, 1989. He currently plays as a midfielder at Young Boys Bern on loan from Hannover 96.", "actor    entity is a French actress. Described as \"one of the best actresses in the world\", she is known for her portrayals of cold and disdainful characters devoid of morality. Nominated for a record 16 C\u00e9sar Awards, she has won two. Among other accolades, she has received 6 Lumi\u00e8res Award nominations, more than any other person, and won four. In 2020, The New York Times ranked her second on its list of the greatest actors of the 21st century.", "actor    entity is a French actress, born March 16, 1953, in Paris. Muse of Claude Chabrol and Beno\u00eet Jacquot, entity is one of the most prolific actresses in France and one of the rare performers to to be constituted a truly international filmography: his demanding and recognized career indeed leads him to turn in the United States, in Italy, in Russia, in central Europe, and even on the Asian continent.", "music    entity is a song by German dance group ItaloBrothers. The song was released in Germany as a digital download on July 27, 2012. The song has charted in Austria, Germany and Switzerland. The song heavily samples the song \"Dragostea din tei\" by O-Zone.", "music    entity is a song by German dance band ItaloBrothers released on July 27, 2012 by Kontor Records. The song is written and composed by Italobrothers. Recorded in 2012, entity follows the Italobrothers' single: Pandora. The song charts in German-speaking countries in Germany, Austria, Switzerland as well as France. entity is a cover of the 2004 hit Dragostea din tei by Romanian band O-Zone.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American rapper Schoolboy Q. It was released on February 25, 2014, through Top Dawg Entertainment and distributed by Interscope Records. entity was his first album released under a major record label to music retailers, whereas his previous albums were released independently to digital retailers only.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American rapper ScHoolboy Q, released on February 25, 2014.", "actor    entity is an American screenwriter, film director, producer, and songwriter who came to prominence by writing the screenplay for the historical drama film Braveheart . His work on the film earned him a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay and a Writers Guild of America Award in the same category. He has since directed films such as The Man in the Iron Mask , We Were Soldiers , Secretariat and Heaven Is for Real .", "actor    entity is an American writer, director and producer born in Jackson, Tennessee. He graduated in religion from Duke University, black belt in karate and graduated from EC Glass High School in Lynchburg, Virginia. He also wrote the book of the Tsarina deposited in France on September 24, 2007.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American electronica musician Moby, released on March 14, 1995 by record labels Mute in the United Kingdom and Elektra in the United States.", "music    entity is Wrong is an album by Moby released in 1995.", "music    entity is the fourth track from the Genesis album We Can't Dance and was the second single from the album. The lyrics were written by drummer Phil Collins and the music was written by the whole band. The song peaked at number seven on both the US Billboard Hot 100 and the UK Singles Chart and received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group With Vocals in 1993. The song also reached number one in Belgium and the Netherlands while peaking within the top five in Austria, Canada, Germany, and Portugal.", "music    entity is a song by the British rock band Genesis, released in 1991. Second extract from the album We Can't Dance to be released as a single, entity was commercially successful in a large number of countries. .", "award    entity is an international award granted in Israel, that has been presented most years since 1978 to living scientists and artists for \"achievements in the interest of mankind and friendly relations among people ... irrespective of nationality, race, colour, religion, sex or political views.\"", "award    entity are awarded to living artists and scientists of exceptional stature, regardless of nationality, race, color, religion, gender or political opinion. , for achievements in the interests of mankind and peaceful relations between peoples.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Gr\u8d38jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres west of Warka, 17 km south-east of Gr\u8d38jec, and 51 km south of Warsaw. The village has a population of 80.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Warka in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies about 11 kilometers west of Warka, 17 kilometers southeast of Gr\u00f3jec and 51 kilometers south of Warsaw. The village has a population of approximately 80 inhabitants.", "airport    entity is the railway station that serves the town of B\u00e9ziers in the H\u00e9rault d\u00e9partement of southern France. It is on the Bordeaux\u2013S\u00e8te railway.", "airport    entity is a French railway station for the lines: from Bordeaux-Saint-Jean to S\u00e8te-Ville and from B\u00e9ziers to Neussargues. It is located on the territory of the commune of B\u00e9ziers, in the department of H\u00e9rault in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. It was put into service in 1857 by the Compagnie des chemins de fer du Midi and the Canal Lateral \u00e0 la Garonne.", "city    entity is a province of Spain, belonging to the autonomous community of Castilla\u2013La Mancha. As of 2013 it had a population of 257,723 people. The population of the province has grown in the last 10 years. It is located in the centre of the Iberian Peninsula.", "city    entity is one of the five provinces of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha, in central Spain. Its capital is the city of Guadalajara.", "music    entity is a song recorded by the Jimi Hendrix Experience in 1968 that appears as the final track on the Electric Ladyland album released that year. It contains improvised guitar and a vocal from Jimi Hendrix, backed by Noel Redding on bass and Mitch Mitchell on drums. The song is one of Hendrix's best known; it was a feature of his concert performances throughout his career, and several live renditions were recorded and released on later albums.", "music    entity is a song written by Jimi Hendrix. This is the final track on The Jimi Hendrix Experience's third and final album, Electric Ladyland.", "video game    entity is a statistical software suite developed by entity Institute for data management, advanced analytics, multivariate analysis, business intelligence, criminal investigation, and predictive analytics.", "video game    entity is a fourth generation proprietary programming language published by the SAS Institute since 1976.", "broadcast    entity is a Swiss German-language national daily newspaper published in Zurich, Switzerland.", "broadcast    entity is a Swiss German-language daily newspaper founded in Zurich in 1893 by Wilhelm Girardet and Fritz Walz.", "mountain    entity is a mountain of the Bernese Alps in Switzerland. It lies just north-west of the Finsteraarhorn, the main summit of the range. entity is the tripoint between the valleys of the Lower Grindelwald Glacier, the Unteraar Glacier and the Fiescher Glacier. Because the Lower Grindelwald and Unteraar glaciers drain into the Aar and hence the Rhine and North Sea, whilst the Fiescher glacier drains into the Rhone and hence the Mediterranean Sea, the Sidelhorn lies on the European continental divide. The mountain was named after the Swiss geologist and explorer Louis Agassiz.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Bernese Alps, located 1.5 kilometers northwest of the Finsteraarhorn, from which it is separated by the Agassizjoch.", "music    entity is the third solo studio album by American hip hop musician Guru. It was released on October 3, 2000 via Virgin Records as the third installment of Guru's Jazzmatazz album series. Production was handled by Gang Starr, The Neptunes, Agallah, DJ Scratch, Erykah Badu, J Dilla, The Roots and Victor Flowers.", "music    entity is the third studio album by rapper Guru, released on September 26, 2000. This third installment in the Jazzmatazz series sounds less jazzy than the previous ones, but more soulful or R'n'B, depending on the guests. It ranked 8th on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 32nd on the Billboard 200.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Kur\u0161umlija, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 30 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Kur\u0161umlija, Toplica district. At the 2011 census, it had 4 inhabitants.", "actor    entity is a Belgian politician and a member of the Christian Democratic and Flemish party. Since June 2021 she has been appointed as a judge on the Constitutional Court. The daughter of former Kortrijk mayor, Emmanuel de Bethune, she belongs to a baronial family of the Belgian nobility, in right of which she is properly styled baroness. Sabine de Bethune. She holds a Master of Laws from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven.", "actor    entity is a Flemish Belgian politician, member of the CD&V and former President of the Senate of Belgium.", "music    entity is a song written and recorded by French electronic music duo Daft Punk for their fourth studio album, Random Access Memories. It is the opening track on the album. The song features lyrics performed by Daft Punk using vocoders. entity also includes guitar work by Nile Rodgers and Paul Jackson, Jr., drums by John \"J.R.\" Robinson and keyboards by Chilly Gonzales. The song was distributed to radio stations on 31 January 2014 as the album's fifth overall single and the final single from the album in 2014. Prior to this, it charted in France, Sweden, Switzerland, the United States and the United Kingdom.", "music    entity is a song by French electronic music group Daft Punk. It is the fifth single from the album Random Access Memories released in 2014. Nile Rodgers and Paul Jackson, Jr. participated in this song by playing guitar.", "music    entity is a song released in 1984 by Eagles vocalist and drummer Don Henley, with lyrics written by Henley and music composed by Mike Campbell of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. The lead single from Henley's album Building the Perfect Beast, entity was released on October 26, 1984. It reached number five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the US, number one on the Billboard Top Rock Tracks chart, and number 12 in the UK Singles Chart.", "music    entity is a song by Spanish DJ DJ Sammy with vocal participation by Dutch artist Loona. Taken from the album Heaven, the single was released on November 18, 2002. It is a cover of the song entity by Don Henley.", "actor    entity is an American actress, comedian, writer, producer, and director. After studying improv at Chicago's Second City and ImprovOlympic in the early 1990s, she co-founded the improvisational-comedy troupe Upright Citizens Brigade. The group moved to New York City in 1996 where their act became a half-hour sketch-comedy series on Comedy Central in 1998. Along with other members of the comedy group, Poehler is a founder of the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre.", "actor    entity is an American actress, comedian, screenwriter and producer.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Madonna from her 1983 self-titled debut studio album. It was released on February 15, 1984, by Sire Records as the album's fifth single and, years later, was also included on the singer's greatest hits albums The Immaculate Collection and Celebration . Written and composed by its producer Reggie Lucas, the song was remixed by Madonna's then-boyfriend John \"Jellybean\" Benitez. Lyrically, the track talks about an unfulfilled love and finds the singer using refined and expressive vocals.", "music    entity is the fifth and final single by American singer Madonna which appears on the album of the same name. It was released on February 15, 1984 under the Sire Records label. Written and composed by Reggie Lucas, the song is remixed by John Benitez, Madonna's boyfriend. In this song, which speaks of a one-sided love, she composes her voice to convey more feelings.", "city    entity is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Jiangsu province, China. Located on the northern bank of the Yangtze River, near the river mouth. entity is a vital river port bordering Yancheng to the north, Taizhou to the west, Suzhou, Wuxi and Shanghai to the south across the river, and the East China Sea to the east.Its population was 7,282,835 as of the 2010 census, 3,180,924 of whom lived in the built-up area made up of three urban districts plus Haimen City largely being conurbated.", "city    entity is a city in Jiangsu province in China. The total population of its jurisdiction is over 7.7 million. We speak the specific dialect of entity between Mandarin and Wu, very different from Mandarin and Wu. The city has a port and some industrial areas in the suburb of Tangchiacha.", "singer    entity is a Romanian roma rapper, singer, producer and occasional actor, best known for his association with Romanian hip hop group R.A.C.L.A. early in his career and the successful solo career that followed his leaving of the group. He has been noted as having a baritone-range singing voice and an eclectic musical style.", "singer    entity is a Romanian singer and rapper.", "music    entity is the thirteenth studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg. It was released on May 12, 2015, through Doggy Style Records and I Am Other, and distributed by Columbia Records. The album was produced by Pharrell Williams with additional production by Chad Hugo. It features guest appearances from Kendrick Lamar, Stevie Wonder, Charlie Wilson, Gwen Stefani, T.I. and Rick Ross. entity was the first album by the rapper after his return to the hip hop moniker Snoop Dogg.", "music    entity is Snoop Dogg's thirteenth studio album, released in 2015. The album is produced by Pharrell Williams.", "music    entity is a Swedish guitarist, songwriter, composer, and bandleader. Malmsteen first became known in the 1980s for his neoclassical playing style in heavy metal, and has released 22 studio albums in a career spanning over 40 years. In 2009, Time magazine rated Malmsteen as number 9 among the 11 greatest electric guitar players of all time.", "music    entity is a virtuoso guitarist and songwriter from Sweden. He is known for popularizing neo-classical metal, a form of heavy metal inspired by classical music. He is also recognized as one of the greatest contemporary heavy metal and hard rock guitarists.", "city    entity is a city in the Mauricie administrative region of Quebec, Canada, at the confluence of the Saint-Maurice and Saint Lawrence rivers, on the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River across from the city of B\u00e9cancour. It is part of the densely populated Quebec City\u2013Windsor Corridor and is approximately halfway between Montreal and Quebec City. entity is the economic and cultural hub of the Mauricie region. The settlement was founded by French colonists on July 4, 1634, as the second permanent settlement in New France, after Quebec City in 1608. In 2021, the city's population was 140,420.", "city    entity is a city in Quebec, located on the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River at the mouth of the Saint-Maurice River in the heart of Quebec. It is located halfway between Quebec and Montreal. entity is the largest city in the Mauricie administrative region and a Catholic bishopric.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Silvretta Alps, located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. With a height of 3,399 metres above sea level, it is the second highest summit of the Silvretta Alps. The Fluchthorn lies between the Jamtal and the Val Fenga . It consists of three summits of which the southern one is the highest.", "mountain    entity is a peak in the Alps, at 3,399 m, in the Silvretta massif, straddling Austria and Switzerland. The southern peak is the highest. Geography portal of Switzerland Geography portal of Switzerland Geography portal mountain Portal of the mountain Portal of the Alps Portal of the Alps Portal of Austria Portal of Austria Portal of the canton of Graub\u00fcnden Portal of the canton of Graub\u00fcnden", "airport    entity is a former commune in the Is\u00e8re department in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region of southeastern France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune entity-Passins.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Is\u00e8re in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. The inhabitants are the entityais.", "music    entity is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Natalia Kills for her second studio album, Trouble . It was exclusively released to online media retailers as the album's second single on 28 June 2013, following the release of the promotional single \"Controversy\" and the album's lead single \"Problem\". Written by American record producer Jeff Bhasker and Kills, the song faces the themes of \"squandered youth and disenchantment\", and talks about moving on while going through a difficult time. Musically, it is a new wave-tinged, synth-based song.", "music    entity is a song by British singer-songwriter Natalia Kills, from her second studio album, Trouble. The track, composed by Kills and produced by Jeff Bhasker, was released as the recording's second single.", "sports team    entity was known as the New England Whalers throughout its time in the WHA. The Whalers moved to Hartford in 1974 and joined the NHL in the NHL\u2013WHA merger of 1979.", "sports team    entity are a former National Hockey League franchise. They were formerly known as the New England Whalers in the World Hockey Association from 1972 to 1979. In 1997 they moved to Raleigh, North Carolina where they changed to the Carolina Hurricanes.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige. It was written by Johnta Austin, Bryan Michael Cox, Jason Perry, and Blige for her seventh studio album, The Breakthrough . Production was helmed by Cox and Young Smoke, while vocal production was overseen by Ron Fair and Blige. It was released as the album's first official single on November 14, 2005.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Mary J. Blige from her seventh studio album The Breakthrough. She was released as a single on September 13, 2005 under the Geffen Records label.", "school    entity is a Roman Catholic Cathedral in the city centre of Cardiff, Wales and is the centre of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cardiff. Located in Charles Street, the Cathedral remains the focal point for Catholic life in Cardiff, and the country as a whole. It is one of only three Roman Catholic Cathedrals in the UK that is associated with a choir school.", "school    entity is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Cardiff city centre, Wales, it is the center of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cardiff.Located in Charles Street, the cathedral remains the focal point of life Catholic in Cardiff, and in the region as a whole. It is one of three Roman Catholic cathedrals in Britain to be associated with a choir school.", "movie    entity is a 2009 Spanish romantic thriller film written, produced, and directed by Pedro Almod\u00f3var. Led by an ensemble cast consisting of many Almod\u00f3var regulars, it stars Llu\u00eds Homar as a blind Madrilenian screenwriter who recalls his tragic love for Lena, played by Pen\u00e9lope Cruz, the deceased lead actress in his last directional feature Girls and Suitcases, who was also the mistress of a powerful, obsessive businessman . Blanca Portillo co-stars as his agent Judit, while Tamar Novas portrays her son and Caine's co-writer Diego.", "movie    entity is a Spanish film by Pedro Almod\u00f3var, released on March 18, 2009 in Spain and part of the official selection of the 2009 Cannes Film Festival.", "stadium    entity was a stadium in Princeton, New Jersey, United States. It hosted the Princeton University Tigers football team, as well as the track and field team. The stadium held 45,750 people at its peak and was opened in 1914 with a game against Dartmouth. It closed in 1996 with a game against Dartmouth. Princeton Stadium was built on the site in 1997.The building was named for Stephen S. Palmer, a trustee of the university, by his son, Edgar Palmer III. Like Harvard Stadium, it was horseshoe-shaped , but was wider, including a full-sized track . It opened to the south and the grand main entrance was at the north.", "stadium    entity is a stadium located in the city of Princeton, New Jersey, United States. The stadium hosts the matches of various sports teams from Princeton University, the Tigers, in particular for American football. The stadium was opened in 1914 and was replaced in 1997 by the new stadium of the university, Princeton University Stadium.", "movie    entity is the feature film-making arm of the BBC. It was founded on 18 June 1990, and has produced or co-produced some of the most successful British films of recent years, including Truly, Madly, Deeply, Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa, Quartet, Chef, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, Saving Mr. Banks, My Week with Marilyn, Jane Eyre, In the Loop, An Education, StreetDance 3D, Fish Tank, Nativity!, Iris, Notes on a Scandal, Stan & Ollie, Man Up, Billy Elliot and Brooklyn.", "movie    entity is a British audio-visual production company which is part of the British Broadcasting Corporation.British cinema portal British cinema portal BBC portal BBC portal British television portal British television portal", "war    entity is a 2008 action-adventure Lego Batman video game developed by Traveller's Tales and published by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, released for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, Wii, Nintendo DS, Microsoft Windows, and Mac OS X. The game is based on the characters appearing in the DC Universe by DC Comics and the Lego Batman toy line, who also handled marketing and financial aspects of the game.", "war    entity is a video game developed by Traveller's Tales and published by Warner Bros. Games in 2008. This game is based on the story of Batman, but the characters and settings are here in Lego. Unlike its predecessors, the game does not exactly follow the plot of the films but always adds humor to it.", "school    entity is a 1922 American silent comedy short film directed by Larry Semon and featuring Oliver Hardy. entity was shot at Hume Lake.", "school    entity is a 1922 American silent comedy film directed by Larry Semon.", "school    entity is a private Ivy League research university in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Founded in 1636 as Harvard College and named for its first benefactor, the Puritan clergyman John Harvard, it is the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States and among the most prestigious in the world.", "school    entity is a private American university located in Cambridge , Massachusetts. Founded on October 28, 1636, it is the oldest institution of higher education in the United States. It is part of the Ivy League, an unofficial association of the eight oldest and most famous universities in the United States. . Forty-five Nobel Prize winners have come from its ranks.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9 in eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire in the Burgundy region.", "mountain    entity is a mountain, 3,361 m , in the Stubai Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It rises immediately west of the Sulztalferner glacier and towers above the \u00d6tztal valley, 5.5 km northwest of S\u00f6lden.It has a rocky summit made of solid granite and prominent ar\u00eates. In the Stubai Alps the Wilde Leck is one of the most difficult summits to climb, because its easiest route runs initially over glaciers and then up a rock face that is assessed as climbing grade III . Just north of the Wilde Leck is the Zahme Leck ).", "mountain    entity is a mountain that rises 3,359 m above sea level in the Stubai Alps, Austria.", "music    entity is an American hardcore punk band formed in 1980 in Venice, California, by vocalist Mike Muir, who is the only remaining original member of the band. Along with D.R.I., Corrosion of Conformity, and Stormtroopers of Death, they are often credited as one of \"the fathers of crossover thrash\". Their current lineup includes Muir, guitarists Dean Pleasants and Ben Weinman, bassist Ra D\u00edaz and drummer Dave Lombardo. Notable musicians who have contributed to the band's studio or live activities include guitarists Rocky George and Mike Clark, bassists Louiche Mayorga, Robert Trujillo, Josh Paul and Stephen \"Thundercat\" Bruner, and drummers Amery Smith, Jimmy DeGrasso, Brooks Wackerman, David Hidalgo Jr., Thomas Pridgen and session musician Josh Freese.", "music    entity is an American crossover thrash band from Venice, California. They are considered the forerunners of skate punk and credited as \"the fathers of crossover thrash\"; their music also includes heavy metal and funk-metal elements. entity achieved success with their self-titled album released in 1983, including the single Institutionalize.", "body of water    entity is a river in Armenia and Georgia. It also serves as a natural boundary between Armenia and Georgia at the village Sadakhlo, Georgia. It is 176 km long, and has a drainage basin of 4,080 km2 . The river originates in Armenia and is formed at the confluence of the Dzoraget and Pambak. It ends in Georgia where it feeds into the Khrami, a tributary of Kura.", "body of water    entity is a watercourse that flows in Georgia and Armenia, where it forms a canyon.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen, released in 1990 through Polydor Records. The album reached No. 112 on the US Billboard 200 and remained on that chart for six weeks, as well as reaching the top 50 in six other countries.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen released in 1990. Without doubt his most accessible album with very melodic titles.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American singer Brandy. It was released on December 5, 2008 by Epic Records, Knockout Entertainment and Koch Records. The album was Norwood's debut Epic Records release, following her split with Atlantic Records in 2005, and her reunion with longtime collaborator and mentor Rodney \"Darkchild\" Jerkins, who executively produced and wrote most of the album with his songwriting collective.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American singer Brandy.", "music    entity is a subgenre of electronic dance music that originated in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Germany in the early 1990s. It is distinguished by faster tempos and a distorted sawtooth kick , the intensity of the kicks and the synthesized bass , the rhythm and the atmosphere of the themes , the usage of saturation and experimentation close to that of industrial dance music. It would spawn subgenres such as gabber.", "music    Hardcore techno, or simply hardcore, refers to a variant of related musical genres, originally from European raves, which emerged during the 1990s.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by American metalcore band A Life Once Lost. This album displays a much more groove metal oriented direction for the band.", "war    entity is the fourth and final studio album by American metalcore band A Life Once Lost. The album was released on September 18, 2007 under the Ferret Music label. This album is quite different from the band's other albums. Indeed, this one has Groove metal type sounds which clearly distinguishes it from its predecessors.", "movie    entity is the second extended play by South Korean girl group EXID. It was released on April 13, 2015 by Yedang Entertainment and distributed by Sony Music. The EP was supported by two singles: \"Up & Down\", which served as the lead single, and the title track \"entity\", which was released as a follow-up single to the former.", "movie    entity is the second mini-album by South Korean girl group EXID, released on April 13, 2015 under Yedang Entertainment and distributed by Sony Music.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wa\u0142cz, within Wa\u0142cz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres east of Wa\u0142cz and 138 km east of the regional capital Szczecin. The village has a population of 100.", "airport    entity is a village in the Wa\u0142cz Gmina , Wa\u0142cz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland.", "war    entity is a 1974 British thriller film directed by Robert Parrish. It stars Michael Caine, Anthony Quinn and James Mason. Set in France, the story concerns an American agent attempting to bring down a French drug baron by hiring an assassin who turns out to be an old friend. The highlight of the film is the competition between Lucienne in a Porsche 911S and Deray in an Alfa Romeo Montreal.", "war    entity is a British-American-French detective film by Robert Parrish released on September 4, 1974.", "video game    entity was an American video game company based in Agoura Hills, California. It was founded in April 1990 by Jack Friedman, originally in Calabasas, and became a public company the following year through a reverse merger takeover. Initially working in the toy business, it expanded into the video game business through several acquisitions before shifting its focus away from toys entirely. THQ continued its trend of acquiring companies through the 2000s.", "video game    entity was an American video game publisher and developer. The company was founded in 1989 and based in Agoura Hills, California. Its name derives from \"Toy Head-Quarters\" when the company was a toy manufacturer in the 1990s. THQ had offices in North America, Europe and in Asia-Pacific. The company closed in 2013 following its December 2012 bankruptcy, and after selling its flagship studios and franchises.", "city    entity is the capital and the largest city of Belarus, located on the Svislach and the now subterranean Niamiha rivers. As the capital, entity has a special administrative status in Belarus and is the administrative centre of entity Region and entity District . As of January 2021, its population was 2,009,786, , making entity the 11th most populous city in Europe. entity is the administrative capital of the Commonwealth of Independent States and seat of its Executive Secretary.", "city    entity is the capital of the Republic of Belarus. Its population was 1,907,700 in 2013.", "war    entity is a collaborative mixtape by rapper Action Bronson and producer The Alchemist. It was released on November 15, 2012. Production was handled entirely by The Alchemist. On December 20, a remastered extended version was released for free, as well as a limited edition of Diamond Supply hoodies for sale.", "war    entity is a mixtape by Action Bronson and The Alchemist, released on October 15, 2012.", "actor    entity was a British military officer, engineer, and motor racing driver. He was a larger-than-life character who, according to a rival team boss, \"lived without sense, without an analyst and provoked astonishment and affection from everyone.\"", "actor    entity was a British racing driver, engineer and journalist.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within \u0141owicz County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres east of Kiernozia, 19 km north of \u0141owicz, and 62 km north-east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Kiernozia, \u0141owicz County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland .", "music    entity is the fourth and most recent studio album by American rock band Rage Against the Machine , released on December 5, 2000 by Epic Records, almost two months after their first breakup. The album consists of covers of songs by Bruce Springsteen, Bob Dylan, Afrika Bambaataa, Minor Threat, Eric B. & Rakim, The Stooges, MC5, The Rolling Stones, Cypress Hill, Devo and others. The album achieved platinum status a little over a month after its initial release.", "music    entity is Rage Against the Machine's fourth studio album. Ranked #14 on the US Billboard Peak, a \u201cplatinum\u201d album for sales in the USA, this work consists only of covers of other groups such as Minor Threat, MC5, the Rolling Stones, Cypress Hill and Devo.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at N\u00fcrburgring on August 1, 1965. It was race 7 of 10 in both the 1965 World Championship of Drivers and the 1965 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The 15-lap race was won by Jim Clark, who in his Lotus-Climax, took pole position, the fastest lap of the race, and led every lap. The victory ensured that Clark won the World Championship of Drivers with three races left to go. It also meant that Lotus won the 1965 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers at the same time. BRM driver, Graham Hill, finished the race in second position in front of Brabham-Climax driver, Dan Gurney, who completed the podium by finishing third.", "competition    Results of the 1965 Formula 1 German Grand Prix held at the N\u00fcrburgring on August 1, 1965.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of \u017ditora\u0111a, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 65 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of \u017ditora \u0111a , Toplica district. At the 2011 census, it had 27 inhabitants.", "sportsman    entity is a Congolese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Buriram United in the Thai League 1.", "sportsman    entity is a Congolese footballer. He plays as a striker at Buriram United. He is the son of Mpangi Merikani, former DCMP goalkeeper.", "music    entity is the ninth studio album by American musician Cat Power. Her first album of all-original material since 2006's The Greatest, it was released on September 3, 2012, in the United Kingdom and in the United States on September 4, 2012, via Matador Records. The album was issued in a variety of formats, including a limited edition deluxe LP containing a 7-inch vinyl of bonus tracks.", "music    entity is the tenth album by Chan Marshall aka Cat Power released on September 3, 2012, on Matador Records.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Allier department in central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Allier in the Auvergne region.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a commune in the south-west of France, located in the department of Lot-et-Garonne.", "music    entity is a German electronic music record producer, songwriter, and DJ. It is similar to the name of Ridha's label, Boysnoize Records, which he established in 2005. Ridha has remixed a number of other artist's work, including Snoop Dogg and Depeche Mode. In 2019, he produced Frank Ocean's song \"DHL\".", "music    entity is a German electronic music producer and DJ. Since 2004, Boys Noize has released EPs on Kitsun\u00e9 Music, Turbo and DJ Hell's International DeeJay Gigolo Records. He is also at the head of his own label Boysnoize Records founded in 2005, bringing together DJs like DIM, Les Petits Pilous, Lady B and Puzique.", "music    entity is the second studio album by rapper Immortal Technique, It was released on November 18, 2003, and is a follow-up to his debut album, Revolutionary Vol. 1. Both albums were re-pressed in 2004 by Babygrande Records.", "music    entity is Immortal Technique's second studio album, released on November 18, 2003.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Mayenne in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 1,256 inhabitants.", "music    entity is a song by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails from their second studio album, The Downward Spiral . It was written by Trent Reznor, co-produced by Flood, and recorded at Le Pig . It was released in December 1994 as a promotional single from the album. The song is known for being Reznor's only live drumming performance.", "music    entity is an American industrial metal song by Nine Inch Nails, and the second track from The Downward Spiral. It was written by Trent Reznor, co-produced by Flood, and recorded at \"The Pig\". Reptile\". The title of the song was also inspired by the crime of Charles Manson.", "music    entity is a song by rock band U2 and the third track on their 2009 album No Line on the Horizon. During the initial recording sessions for the album in 2007 in Fez, Morocco, the band wrote the song with producers Brian Eno and Daniel Lanois within a few hours. Together, they recorded the song in a single take; Eno called the song's recording \"the most amazing studio experience ever had\". According to him and Lanois, the track is the closest the band came to realising their original concept for the album of writing \"future hymns\". The seven-minute song features gospel-like vocals in the chorus, along with a predominantly organ- and piano-based musical accompaniment. Lyrically, the song is about a drug addict who is undergoing a crisis of faith.", "music    entity is a rock song by U2 and lead singer Bono, featured on their 12th studio album, No Line on the Horizon.", "actor    entity is an English actor. The recipient of numerous accolades, she is the only person to achieve the Triple Crown of Acting in both the US and the UK, winning an Academy Award and a British Academy Film Award for her portrayal of Queen Elizabeth II in The Queen, a Tony Award and a Laurence Olivier Award for the same role in The Audience, three British Academy Television Awards for her performance as DCI Jane Tennison in Prime Suspect, and four Primetime Emmy Awards, including two for Prime Suspect.", "actor    entity is a British actress. She received the Oscar for Best Actress for her portrayal of Queen Elizabeth II in Stephen Frears' film The Queen. She is also known to the general public for occupying the leading role in the series Suspect number 1, where she plays Inspector Jane Tennison.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Janet Jackson for her eighth studio album, Damita Jo . It was written and produced by Jackson and Swedish duo Bag & Arnthor , with additional writing from Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. Virgin Records released the song on May 17, 2004, as the album's third single. entity is an electro-funk and house song that contains elements of grime, samba, Latin, dance-pop, ambient techno, and dancehall. Jackson sings the song in a breathy falsetto, with lyrical metaphors comparing various actions to dancing.", "music    entity is a song by Janet Jackson, the third single from her eighth studio album, Damita Jo.", "music    entity is the name of a 1987 single by The Cure from their album Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me. The single was not released in the US. It charted at #27 in the UK.", "music    entity is a song by the group The Cure appearing on the album Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me and extracted as a single on June 16, 1987, with the unreleased track Breathe on the B side. Two 45 rpm maxis were released, with different covers . On the first is an additional unreleased track, A Chain Of Flowers. The second maxi offers in addition to entity and Breathe two pieces recorded in concert at Orange, Kyoto Song and A Night Like This.", "body of water    entity is a river in southeastern Bangladesh and Tripura state of India. It is a trans-boundary river with an ongoing dispute about water rights. The entity originates in South Tripura district and flows through Sabroom town and then enters Bangladesh. Muhuri River, also called Little Feni, from Noakhali District joins it near its mouth. The river is navigable by small boats as far as Ramgarh, about 80 kilometres upstream.", "body of water    entity is a river in India and Bangladesh which has its mouth in the Bay of Bengal. It is part of the border between the two countries.", "singer    entity was a French politician. A member of the RPR and the UMP, he was deputy of the 2nd District of the Gard between 2002 and 2012 and Mayor of Le Grau-du-Roi between 1983 and 2014.", "singer    entity was a French politician, member of the RPR, then of the UMP. He was deputy of Gard between 2002 and 2012 and mayor of Grau-du-Roi between 1983 and 2014.", "music    entity is a song by the English singer-songwriter David Bowie, released on his 1980 album Scary Monsters . It was released as the second single from the album and was accompanied, like its predecessor \"Ashes to Ashes\", by a highly regarded music video. It was ranked as the 8th best single of 1980 by the NME magazine.", "music    entity is a song by David Bowie released in 1980 on the album Scary Monsters. It was also released as a single the same year, with Scream Like a Baby as the B-side. This single charted at #5 in the UK and #70 in the US. Ashes to Ashes. A sample of entity is used by The Dandy Warhols on their song I Am a Scientist, released on the Welcome to the Monkey House album.", "war    entity was a victory by a Carthaginian army led by Xanthippus over a Roman army led by Marcus Atilius Regulus in the spring of 255 BC, nine years into the First Punic War.", "war    entity is a battle taking place in the spring of 255 BC. J.-C. during the First Punic War and opposing Carthage to the Roman Republic. It ends with a decisive victory for the Carthaginians.", "actor    entity is an American science fiction author. She is known for such works as her Hugo Award\u2013winning novel The Snow Queen and its sequels, her series about the telepath named Cat, and her Heaven's Chronicles books. She also is the author of The Random House Book of Greek Myths .", "actor    entity is an American science fiction writer. She is best known for her novel Frozen, her series about a telepathic half-alien named Cat, and her adaptation of George Lucas' Star Wars film, Episode VI: Return of the Jedi.", "sportsman    entity is a New Zealand triathlete who placed third at the 2009 ITU Triathlon World Championships and competed at the 2008, 2012, and 2016 Summer Olympics.", "sportsman    entity is a New Zealand professional triathlete, Oceania triathlon champion.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Loire department in central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Loire department in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band the Velvet Underground from their 1967 debut album The Velvet Underground & Nico, with lead vocals by Nico.", "music    entity is a song by the New York underground rock band The Velvet Underground. She appears on their debut album, The Velvet Underground and Nico. It is inspired by the character of Edie Sedgwick, Andy Warhol's muse at the Factory. The song is performed by Nico.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rock band Senses Fail, released on September 7, 2004, through Vagrant Records. After finalizing their line-up, the band released their debut EP, From the Depths of Dreams, in 200, which attracted the attention of Drive-Thru Records. The label signed Senses Fail; it had a distribution deal with MCA Records, which allowed them to acquire acts from Drive-Thru. Recording for the band's debut occurred at several studios in New Jersey in April 2003 with producer Steve Evetts. Additional recording took place at the end of the year. Described as an emo and screamo record, several of the songs on entity were influenced by poetry and literature.", "music    entity is Senses Fail's debut album. It was released on September 7, 2004. During 2004, a bonus DVD was included with the disc. On November 1, 2005, a deluxe edition of the album was released, including five bonus tracks, plus a DVD with live tracks and 2 clips. The album has sold over 300,000 copies since its release.", "music    entity is the eleventh album by Squarepusher, released on 15 May 2012. Squarepusher has stated that \"It's music which is generated purely from programming. There's no live guitar or drums, there's nothing in it which is live, really.\" At the time of release, Squarepusher made several appearances in festivals across the world, including his first show in Brazil, at the S\u8d38nar Festival.", "music    entity is Squarepusher's fourteenth studio album, released on May 15, 2012 via Warp.", "music    entity is the eleventh studio album by American rapper Jay-Z, released September 8, 2009, on Roc Nation, through distribution from Asylum Records & Atlantic Records. It is the third album in the Blueprint series, preceded by The Blueprint and The Blueprint2: The Gift & The Curse . Production for the album took place during 2008 to 2009 at several recording studios and was handled by Kanye West, No I.D., The Neptunes, Jeff Bhasker, Al Shux, Jerome \"J-Roc\" Harmon, The Inkredibles, Swizz Beatz, and Timbaland. The album also features guest appearances by Kanye West, Rihanna, Drake, Kid Cudi, Young Jeezy, J. Cole and Alicia Keys among others.", "music    entity is Jay-Z's 11th studio album released on September 8, 2009. After a long collaboration with the Def Jam label, this album is finally released on Atlantic Records. This album is also the first to be released on his Roc Nation label, established in 2008. This album is a follow-up to The Blueprint and The Blueprint2: The Gift & The Curse. Originally, the album was even supposed to be released on September 11, 2009 in the United States, 8 years to the day after the release of The Blueprint in 2001.", "war    entity is a 1962 American neo-noir, psychological political thriller about the Cold War and sleeper agents. The film was directed and produced by John Frankenheimer. The screenplay was written by George Axelrod based on the 1959 Richard Condon novel entity. The film's leading actors are Frank Sinatra, Laurence Harvey, and Angela Lansbury, with co-stars Janet Leigh, Henry Silva, and James Gregory.", "war    entity is a 1962 American film directed by John Frankenheimer.", "city    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Krosno Odrza\u0144skie County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. Its seat is the town of Krosno Odrza\u0144skie, which lies approximately 30 kilometres west of Zielona G\u00f3ra. The gmina covers an area of 211.52 square kilometres , and as of 2019 its total population is 17,784. The gmina contains part of the protected area called Gry\u017cyna Landscape Park.", "city    entity is a mixed gmina in entity County, Lubusz, in western Poland. Its seat is the town of entity, which lies approximately 30 km west of Zielona G\u00f3ra. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b211.52 km2 with a population of 18,496.", "music    entity is a 1971 compilation album by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd. The album was released in the UK on 14 May 1971 and in the United States on the following day. Initially released by Starline, the compilation was reissued by Music for Pleasure in the United Kingdom, while Harvest and Capitol distributed the album in the United States. A remastered CD was released in 1996 with a different album cover, picturing a three-dimensional model based on the sketch drawn by drummer Nick Mason for the album's initial release.", "music    entity is a compilation album by the British progressive rock band Pink Floyd released on May 14, 1971. The release of entity came about because the band's record label, EMI, was concerned that Pink Floyd had gone into the studio to record what would become Meddle without a serious song or idea from scratch.", "singer    entity is a large instrumental ensemble typical of classical music, which combines instruments from different families, including \n* bowed string instruments such as the violin, viola, cello, and double bass \n* woodwinds such as the flute, oboe, clarinet, and bassoon \n* brass instruments such as the horn, trumpet, trombone, and tuba \n* percussion instruments such as the timpani, snare drum, bass drum, cymbals, triangle, tambourine, and mallet percussion instruments each grouped in sections.", "singer    entity is a group of instrumentalists brought together to perform a musical work. The number and combination of performers depends on the composer, the era and the genre of the repertoire covered.", "music    entity is a song by English electronic music band Depeche Mode, released as a single on 29 April 1985. entity was one of two new songs on the 1985 compilation albums The Singles 81\u219285 and Catching Up with Depeche Mode, along with the band's subsequent single \"It's Called a Heart\".", "music    entity is the thirteenth single from Depeche Mode, released on April 29, 1985. This single did not appear on any studio album. It is however present on the compilation The Singles 81-85 released that same year, just like It's Called a Heart. The American version of The Singles 81-85, called Catching Up with Depeche Mode, also includes the B-side of entity, Flexible.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Lady Gaga, from her debut album, The Fame . It was released as the third single from the album in Australia, New Zealand and selected European countries, and the fourth single in France. The song is a calypso-styled, mid-tempo ballad, and is about breaking up with one's old partner and finding someone new. entity received mixed reviews from US-based critics, who denoted it as \"dry and lifeless\", blaming it for halting the \"bad-girl party atmosphere\" of The Fame.", "music    entity is a song by American pop artist Lady Gaga, from her debut album, The Fame. It was released as the third single in Australia, New Zealand and other European countries and as the fourth single in France. The track is calypso-style, contains a steady tempo often seen in ballads, and is about a woman breaking up with a man, who she wants to find a new partner.", "music    entity is the third studio album by English singer Morrissey, released on 27 July 1992 by record label HMV. The album received critical acclaim and reached number 4 on the UK Albums Chart.", "music    entity is an album by Morrissey, released in 1992.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Janet Jackson from her fifth album, Janet . It was released as the album's fourth single in January 1994, the track is a love song written and produced by Jackson and Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. A remix of the song, the Frankie & David Treat Mix, appears on Jackson's second remix compilation Janet Remixed .", "music    entity is a love song written by Janet Jackson, James Harris III and Terry Lewis, and performed by Janet Jackson. It is the fourth single from her album Janet. . A remix of this song is featured on the Janet compilation. Remixed.Janet Jackson performed this song during the Janet. Tour, as well as during the concert in Taiwan of the Number Ones: Up Close and Personal tour.", "city    entity is a city and commune in southern France, about 30 km north of Marseille. A former capital of Provence, it is the subprefecture of the arrondissement of Aix-en-Provence, in the department of Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne, in the region of Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur. The population of Aix-en-Provence is of approximately 143,000. Its inhabitants are called Aixois or, less commonly, Aquisextains.", "city    entity is a French commune, former capital of Provence, seat of the Community of agglomeration of the country of Aix, sub-prefecture of Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Founded in 122 BC. Under the name of Aquae Sextiae by the Roman garrison of Gaius Sextius Calvinus, Aix today has 141,148 inhabitants, making it the 23rd most populous municipality in France.", "movie    entity is a Canadian screenwriter, director, author, cinematographer, and film editor of both features and short films, as well as an installation artist, from Winnipeg, Manitoba. Since completing his first film in 1985, Maddin has become one of Canada's most well-known and celebrated filmmakers. Maddin first served as a visiting lecturer at Harvard University's Department of Art, Film, and Visual Studies in 2015. Until then, he had always lived in Winnipeg.", "movie    entity is a Canadian director, actor, sound engineer, cinematographer, screenwriter, born February 28, 1956 in Winnipeg, Manitoba.", "sports team    entity are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League, and are the AHL affiliates of the National Hockey League's Pittsburgh Penguins. They play at the Mohegan Sun Arena at Casey Plaza in Wilkes-Barre Township, Pennsylvania, just outside the city of Wilkes-Barre. They have won the Macgregor Kilpatrick Trophy twice for having the best record in the regular season.", "sports team    entity is based in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.", "movie    entity is a Japanese anime television series created by Sunrise. The series premiered in Japan on April 6, 2006 on TV Tokyo and also later aired on BS Japan and AT-X. On October 2, 2007, Bandai Entertainment released the first Region 1 volume of entity with the last volume released on August 5, 2008. Following the 2012 closure of Bandai Entertainment, Sunrise announced at Otakon 2013, that Sentai Filmworks has rescued entity, along with a handful of other former BEI titles. As part of the 10th anniversary of the series, a new theatrical film titled entity Adaptation was released in Japanese theaters on October 15, 2016.", "movie    entity is an anime series created by studio Sunrise, known for other anime, including Mobile Suit Gundam, Mai-OtoHiME, and Mai-HiME. The series began airing on April 6, 2006 on Japanese TV Tokyo, then BS Japan and AT-X. Its director is Masami Shimoda, character designer Akihiko Yamashita, and mecha designer Rei Nakahara.", "company    entity is a French transportation conglomerate headquartered in Puteaux, on the western outskirts of Paris, France. The company, which focuses on paper, energy, plantations and logistics, employs 36,500 people around the world. In 2004, the group ranked amongst the top 200 European companies. The company is listed on the Euronext exchange in Paris, but the Bollor\u00e9 family retains majority control of the company through a complex and indirect holding structure. The company is led by Vincent Bollor\u00e9.", "company    entity is an international French group mainly in transport and logistics, under the direction of Vincent entity, the group has its origins in a family business created in 1822. In 2004, entity was among the top two hundred European industrial groups and the fifty first French. In 2007, it achieved six billion euros in turnover and employed 6,000 people in France.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department.", "war    entity is a 1944 American film noir produced and directed by Otto Preminger. It stars Gene Tierney, Dana Andrews, and Clifton Webb along with Vincent Price and Judith Anderson. The screenplay by Jay Dratler, Samuel Hoffenstein, and Betty Reinhardt is based on the 1943 novel entity by Vera Caspary. entity received five nominations for the Academy Awards, including for Best Director, winning for Best Black and White Cinematography.", "war    entity is a 1944 American film directed by Otto Preminger.", "city    entity is a municipality in the north of the southern Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. It is named after its river. It's the twelfth largest city in the state with an estimated population of 204,722 inhabitants living in a total municipal area of 780 km2.", "city    entity is a municipality in the northwest of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil, part of the microregion of entity and located 280 km northwest of Porto Alegre, capital of the state. It is located at a latitude of 28o 15' 46\" south and at a longitude of 52o 24' 24\" west, at an altitude of 687 meters. Its population was estimated at 183,300, for an area of \u200b\u200b780 km2.", "mountain    entity is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps, located east of Gruy\u00e8res in the canton of Fribourg. It lies on the range north of the Vanil Noir, between the valleys of the Sarine and the Mot\u00e9lon. From the col of La Forcla , a trail leads to its summit.", "mountain    entity is a summit of the Friborg Prealps located in Switzerland, in the canton of Fribourg.", "body of water    entity is a river in southern Lim\u00f3n Province, Costa Rica. It flows from the Cordillera Talamanca to the Caribbean Sea northeast of Sixaola at 9\u00b034\u203220\u2033N 82\u00b033\u203254\u2033W\ufeff / \ufeff9.57222\u00b0N 82.56500\u00b0W. The river's headwaters are part of the La Amistad International Park. For part of its length, the river forms the border between Lim\u00f3n Province, Costa Rica and Bocas del Toro Province, Panama.", "body of water    entity is a watercourse that flows into the Caribbean Sea and acts as a boundary on part of the border between Panama and Costa Rica. With a length of 146 km, it is the main watercourse of the watershed called Sixaola with an area of \u200b\u200b509.4 km2.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, featuring American hip hop record producer Dr. Dre. It was released as the third and final single from Eminem's The Slim Shady LP . It was also released on his 2005 greatest hits album Curtain Call: The Hits.", "music    entity is a song by rapper Eminem, in duet with Dr. Dre, released in 1999.", "city    entity is a city and the district headquarters of Shimoga district in the central part of the state of Karnataka, India. The city lies on the banks of the Tunga River. Being the gateway for the hilly region of the Western Ghats, the city is popularly nicknamed as \"Gateway of Malnad\" . The population of Shimoga city is 322,650 as per 2011 census. The city has been selected for the Smart Cities project, standing in the fourth position in the state and 25th in the country as of November 2020.", "city    entity is a city located in the state of Karnataka in India.", "music    entity is an album by American composer John Zorn developed to pay tribute to the influence of writers William S. Burroughs and Brion Gysin and released on Zorn's Tzadik label in 2010.", "music    entity is an album by John Zorn released on the Tzadik label in 2010. Composed using the file card technique, it is a tribute to William Burroughs and Brion Gysin.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band The Cure, released as the lead single from their 1987 album Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me.", "music    entity is a song by the British group The Cure released as a single on April 14, 1987, the first extract from the album Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lubusz Voivodeship, western Poland, on the German border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the town of Krosno Odrza\u0144skie, which lies 30 km west of Zielona G\u00f3ra and 79 km south of Gorz\u00f3w Wielkopolski. The only other town in the county is Gubin, situated on the German border 28 km west of Krosno Odrza\u0144skie.", "city    entity is a county in the Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland, bordering Germany. It was established on January 1, 1999. Its seat and only town is Krosno Odrza\u0144skie, which is 30 kilometers west of Zielona G\u00f3ra and 79 km south of Gorz\u00f3w Wielkopolski.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by Finnish folk metal band Finntroll. The album was released on March 22, 2013. The album features artwork by band member Samuli \"Skrymer\" Ponsimaa, including a painting for each song on the album.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by Finnish folk metal band, Finntroll, released on March 23, 2013. The album features artwork by guitarist Samuli \"Skrymer\" Ponsimaa, including a painting for each song from the band. album.", "sports team    entity is a former American football quarterback and current analyst for ESPN's Sunday NFL Countdown. He played college football at Boston College and was drafted in the sixth round of the 1998 NFL Draft by the Green Bay Packers. After a season on the practice squad and two seasons backing up Brett Favre, he was traded to the Seattle Seahawks in 2001, where he spent the majority of his career. Hasselbeck led Seattle to six playoff appearances, including a Super Bowl loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers during the 2005 season. He was selected to three Pro Bowls in his career. Hasselbeck also played for the Tennessee Titans and Indianapolis Colts.", "sports team    entity is an American football player born on September 25, 1975 in Boulder, Colorado, playing as a quarterback for the Indianapolis Colts. His brother Tim Hasselbeck also played a quarterback position in the NFL.", "city    entity is a town in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg, Germany, part of the Waldshut district. It has approximately 4300 inhabitants . entity is separated from a Swiss city with the same name by the river Rhine.", "city    entity is a German town located in the district of Waldshut in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rock band Fall Out Boy, released on May 6, 2003, by Fueled by Ramen. When the band was signed to Island Records, the label employed an unusual strategy that allowed them to sign with independent label Fueled by Ramen for their debut and later move to Island for their second album. Sean O'Keefe had helped with the band's demo, and they returned to Smart Studios in Madison, Wisconsin to record the bulk of their first album with him. Living on a stranger's floor for part of the time and running out of money halfway through, the band recorded seven songs in nine days, bringing them together with the additional three from the demo.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American band Fall Out Boy. It is their first album released on the Fueled by Ramen label . The title of the album comes from a line from the song \"The Patron Saint of Liars and Fakes\" which is: \"Take this to your grave, and I'll take it to mine\". This is the first album featuring Andy Hurley. The album went gold in the United States.", "actor    entity is an American theoretical physicist and string theorist. Along with Frank Wilczek and David Politzer, he was awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physics for their discovery of asymptotic freedom. Gross is the Chancellor's Chair Professor of Theoretical Physics at the Kavli Institute for Theoretical Physics of the University of California, Santa Barbara , and was formerly the KITP director and holder of their Frederick W. Gluck Chair in Theoretical Physics. He is also a faculty member in the UCSB Physics Department and is currently affiliated with the Institute for Quantum Studies at Chapman University in California. He is a foreign member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.", "actor    entity is an American physicist working, in 2010, mainly in string theory.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by English singer and songwriter Little Boots. It was released on 5 June 2009 by 679 Recordings and Atlantic Records to generally positive reviews. Many critics complimented its \"well-crafted\" pop songs and \"diverse\" production. entity primarily features songs about love, relationships and heartbreak, and takes influence from a variety of music styles such as disco, 1980s synth-pop and Eurodance.", "music    entity is the debut album by British singer Little Boots.", "sports team    entity is a Luxembourger professional football club based in Dudelange which plays in the Luxembourg National Division. It was formed in 1991 as a merger between three teams in the city \u2014 Alliance Dudelange, Stade Dudelange and US Dudelange. Domestically, it has since won the National Division on 15 occasions and the Luxembourg Cup eight times.", "sports team    entity is a Luxembourg football club based in Dudelange.", "music    entity is an album by Ed O.G. and Pete Rock, released in 2004. The album's single, \"Wishing\", included a guest appearance from Masta Ace. It was reissued in 2016.", "music    entity is a collaborative album by Edo. G and Pete Rock, released in 2002.", "war    entity is the debut full-length album by American deathcore band Born of Osiris. It was released through Sumerian Records on July 7, 2009. entity debuted at number 73 on the Billboard 200, selling over 6,000 copies. It was the first album to have any creative input outside of the band's mastermind and drummer, Cameron Losch. Up until this point, he had wrote and recorded everything short of vocals on every song. Though this is mostly true for entity as well, \"Exist\" was written and recorded by Lee Mckinney. An earlier instrumental version of this song can be found under the title \"Glass Bluntz\". Though the two versions are quite different, they share the same hook that \"Exist\" is mostly noted for.", "war    entity is the second and final studio album by American deathcore band Born of Osiris. The album was released on July 7, 2009 under the Sumerian Records label. This album marks the beginning of some success for the group. It is indeed the first Born of Osiris album to enter the Billboard 200 chart. It started at number 73 on the chart, selling more than 6,000 copies the week of its release.", "royal    entity was a Polynesian queen who reigned the kingdom of Huahine in 18 March 1888 \u2013 22 July 1890 under the reign name Teuhe; her name had also been given as Teuhe II. She belongs to the Teururai family of Huahine.", "royal    entity is a 19th century Polynesian princess and sovereign. Member of the royal family of Huahine, she became queen of the island from 1888 to 1890. Born Princess Temari'i Teururai, she is the eldest daughter of King Ari'imate and Queen Teha'apapa II. She married in November 1857 Crown Prince Terii Taria Teratane Pomare, a union which ended in the dissolution of the household in August 1861. She was, during her marriage, princess consort of Tahiti.", "sports team    entity were a professional ice hockey team based in Winnipeg. They began play in the World Hockey Association in 1972. The club joined the National Hockey League in 1979 after the NHL merged with the WHA. Due to mounting financial troubles, in 1996 the franchise moved to Phoenix, Arizona and became the Phoenix Coyotes . The team played their home games at Winnipeg Arena.", "sports team    entity is one of the founding teams of the WHA 1972 and has won the league's ultimate trophy three times: the Avco World Trophy, including during the last season. Following the shutdown of the WHA, the Jets join the National Hockey League along with three other teams.", "war    entity is an American metalcore band formed in 2003. Originally based in New Fairfield, Connecticut, before moving to Queens, New York, the group has released eight albums, with their first public release being a 2006 EP entitled The Complete Guide to Needlework. The band's vocalist, Frankie Palmeri , is the only remaining original member and has been subject to some controversy over the years. His personality has made the band unique from other acts in the genre, and critics have described his \"no-fucks-given\" attitude as an entertaining standpoint for the band.", "war    entity is an American deathcore band.", "music    entity is Mika Nakashima's fourth single. Track two was a remix featuring hip-hop musicians Heartsdales and Verbal of M-Flo. The single was released on May 15, 2002. entity sold 82,830 copies, reaching number eight on Oricon.", "music    entity is Mika Nakashima's 4th single, released by Sony Music Associated Records on May 15, 2002 in Japan. It reached number 8 in the Oricon chart for a total of 82,830 copies sold.entity was used as the theme music for an advertising campaign for the company La Parler. This song is featured on the TRUE album.", "music    entity is a broad genre of electronic music characterized by an atmospheric sound and slow-tempo beats. Closely related to ambient music but with greater emphasis on beats, the style may be played in chillout clubs or as \"warm-up or cool-down\" music during a DJ set. Examples of downtempo subgenres include trip hop, chillwave, psybient and lo-fi hip hop.", "music    entity is a kind of electronic music similar to ambient, relatively slow and melodious. The style emerged in the early 1990s with groups such as Kruder & Dorfmeister or Thievery Corporation. It was often played in chill-out bars and clubs , even some raves or other outdoor parties.", "mountain    entity is the principal relief system in the Southern Oklahoma Aulacogen, being the result of a failed continental rift. The mountains are a northwest-southeast trending series of rocky promontories, many capped by 500 million-year old granite. These were exposed and rounded by weathering during the Pennsylvanian & Permian Periods. The eastern end of the mountains offers 1,000 feet of topographic relief in a region otherwise dominated by gently rolling grasslands.", "mountain    entity is Haley Peak.", "army    entity is the aviation branch of the National Armed Forces. The first Air Force units were established 1992. It has no air combat capability, thus the defense of Latvian air space is maintained by NATO, with rotating detachments of four aircraft to Lithuania at four-monthly intervals .", "army    entity is the air component of the Latvian Armed Forces.", "music    entity is a song written and recorded by American rock band Green Day and is the tenth track and fifth and last single from their eighth studio album 21st Century Breakdown. It peaked at number 26 on the US alternative rock chart. The song impacted radio on May 11, 2010. In its album review, Rolling Stone wrote: \"'Last of the American Girls' comes on as a fabulous left-wing love song to a rebel girl \u2014 when Armstrong sings, 'She won't cooperate,' he's giving her the highest compliment he can imagine.\" The song is playable as DLC in the video game Green Day: Rock Band.", "music    entity is a song by American punk band Green Day and the fifth single from their latest album, 21st Century Breakdown.", "royal    entity was an Ottoman prince as the son of Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent and Hurrem Sultan. After the execution of \u015eehzade Mustafa in 1553, Bayezid became the popular heir among the army. Throughout the 1550s, when Suleiman was already in his 60s, a protracted competition for the throne between Bayezid and his brother Selim became evident. Bayezid had fallen into disfavor with his father \u2013 who was angered by Bayezid's disobedience stemming from around the same years \u2013 as opposed to Selim . After being defeated in a battle near Konya in 1559 by Selim and Sokullu Mehmet Pasha , he fled to t", "royal    entity is an Ottoman prince, son of Sultan Suleiman the Magnificent and Roxelane.", "music    entity is an American rock band from Palm Desert, California, formed in 1998. Founded by Jesse Hughes and Josh Homme , the band also includes a wide range of other musicians who perform both on the band's studio albums and at live shows. Hughes and Homme are the only permanent members of the band, with Homme rarely performing at live shows due to commitment to his other band, Queens of the Stone Age. The band's current touring line-up includes Hughes alongside Josh Jove , Eden Galindo , Jennie Vee and Jorma Vik .", "music    entity is an American rock band originally formed by Jesse \"Boots Electric or The Devil\" Hughes, Josh \"Baby Duck\" Homme and Tim Vanhamel in Palm Desert, California in 1998. The band first appeared on the album The Desert Sessions III/IV by Josh Homme.", "city    entity is a city in Klamath County, Oregon, United States. The population was 805 at the 2010 census.", "city    entity is an American city located in the state of Oregon and in the county of Klamath.", "language    entity is a dialect of Poitevin-Santongeais spoken halfway down the western coast of France in the former provinces of Saintonge, Aunis and Angoumois, all of which have been incorporated into the current departments of Charente and Charente-Maritime as well as in parts of their neighbouring departments of Gironde and a town in Dordogne. Although many of the same words are used in both Charente departments, they differ in what they mean or in how they are pronounced.", "language    entity is a Romance language that is part of the langue d'o\u00efl family, which also includes French. However, it is often associated with Poitevin, within a Poitevin-entity group within the more general framework of the Grand Ouest domain which includes the Norman, Gallo and Angevin dialects. entity is the vernacular language spoken in the former provinces of Aunis, Saintonge and Angoumois.", "airport    entity is a former commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune Gennes-Longuefuye.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Mayenne department in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 991 inhabitants.", "sportsman    entity is a French football striker.", "sportsman    entity is a French footballer born on February 13, 1982. Trained at Olympique Lyonnais, he plays as a striker at AJ Auxerre", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 221 inhabitants.", "war    entity is a 1969 American comedy war film directed by John Frankenheimer and starring David Niven, Faye Dunaway, Alan Alda, Mickey Rooney, and Jack Carter. Apart from his participation in the documentaries That's Entertainment! , and That's Entertainment! III , the movie is notable for being the last film Mickey Rooney acted in which was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, his studio during the period of his major stardom during the 1930s and '40s.", "war    entity is a 1969 American film directed by John Frankenheimer.", "music    entity is the first hit single from Celine Dion's French-language album, D'elles. It premiered on the radio in France, Quebec, Switzerland and Belgium on 14 February 2007 and was released as a music download on the same day. The CD single was released on 13 April 2007 in Francophone countries. The song topped the chart in France.", "music    entity is a song by Celine Dion, it is the first single from the studio album D'elles. The song is written by Fran\u00e7oise Dorin and composed by David Gategno. He is also the producer.", "government    entity is a state in the southern region of Brazil. It is the fifth-most-populous state and the ninth largest by area. Located in the southernmost part of the country, Rio Grande do Sul is bordered clockwise by Santa Catarina to the north and northeast, the Atlantic Ocean to the east, the Uruguayan departments of Rocha, Treinta y Tres, Cerro Largo, Rivera and Artigas to the south and southwest, and the Argentine provinces of Corrientes and Misiones to the west and northwest. The capital and largest city is Porto Alegre. The state has the highest life expectancy in Brazil, and the crime rate is relatively low compared to the Brazilian national av", "government    entity is the southernmost state in Brazil, bordered to the east by the Atlantic Ocean and bordering Argentina and Uruguay. Its capital is Porto Alegre.", "singer    entity is a Swedish singer, songwriter, dancer, composer, and show artist, best known as one of the three vocalists in the melodic metalcore/power metal/melodic death metal band Amaranthe. She also gained some popularity prior to the band's inception by performing guest vocals for the symphonic power metal band Kamelot, both on tour and in the studio. She sings in the soprano range.", "singer    entity is a Swedish singer-songwriter, singer and dancer. She is the lead singer of the metal band Amaranthe. Her voice is soprano.", "war    entity is a role-playing video game for the Mega Drive that was the last official Sega Mega Drive game released in Japan. The game is part of the long-running Mad\u014d Monogatari series. It is a later revision to the Game Gear version, entity: Mittsu no Mad\u014d-ky\u016b, which is based on the original MSX and PC98 versions, and borrows heavily from the PC Engine version, entity: Hon\u014d no Sotsuenji.", "war    entity is a role-playing video game developed and published by Compile, released in 1993 on Game Gear. The game was released on Mega Drive and PC Engine in 1996. The game is inspired by the universe of Puyo Puyo.", "music    entity is the earliest commercially recorded hip hop music and original style of the genre. It typically refers to the music created around 1979 to 1983, as well as any hip hop that does not adhere to contemporary styles.", "music    entity is the oldest form of hip-hop that has been commercially recorded. Old school rap has its own identity and represents the beginning of this musical genre in the 1970s in the United States. He also has his own sound that is easily recognizable, but has a very strong link with other elements of hip-hop culture.", "war    entity is a 2004 romantic fantasy drama film directed by Gil Junger and starring Jennifer Love Hewitt and Paul Nicholls.", "war    entity is a 2004 American-British film directed by Gil Junger.", "actor    entity was an American professional wrestler and manager, better known by her ring names, Sherri Martel and Sensational Sherri. Martel began her professional wrestling career in the Mid South after training in Columbia, South Carolina. She joined the American Wrestling Association in the mid-1980s and held its AWA World Women's Championship three times. In the late 1980s, she joined the World Wrestling Federation , where she held the WWF Women's Championship. Also in the WWF, Martel continued to act as a manager to wrestlers such as Randy Savage, Ted DiBiase, and Shawn Michaels. She appeared in Extreme Championship Wrestling and World Championship Wrestling in the 1990s. In the latter, Martel acted as the m", "actor    entity was an American professional wrestler and manager, better known by her ring names, Sherri Martel and Sensational Sherri. She once won the WWF Women's Championship, and was also a 3-time AWA Women's World Champion. and the first AWA All Japan Women's Champion. She was the second woman in history to be inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame, in 2006.", "actor    entity was a Soviet cameraman and film director. He graduated from the in 1927 and from the Leningrad Electrotechnical Institute in 1934.", "actor    entity was a Soviet director and cameraman .", "music    entity is the second single from the Foo Fighters' sixth studio album Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace. The music video was released on November 1, 2007, with the single released on December 3, 2007. The video features an appearance by actress Rashida Jones, and was directed by Jesse Peretz, who had previously collaborated with the band for \"Big Me\", \"Learn to Fly\", \"The One\", and \"Low\".", "music    entity is the second single by rock band Foo Fighters from their 2007 album Echoes, Silence, Patience and Grace.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by British rock band Uriah Heep.", "music    entity is the debut album by Uriah Heep, released in 1970.", "city    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Nasielsk, which lies approximately 21 kilometres north-east of Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki and 45 km north of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 202.47 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 19,259 .", "city    entity is an urban-rural or mixed gmina in Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland.", "war    entity is a first-person shooter video game published by Activision, released on November 19, 2001, for Microsoft Windows and subsequently for PlayStation 2, Xbox, Linux and Macintosh. The game serves as both a remake and a reboot to the Wolfenstein series. It was developed by Gray Matter Interactive and Nerve Software developed its multiplayer mode. id Software, the creators of Wolfenstein 3D, oversaw the development and were credited as executive producers. The multiplayer side eventually became the most popular part of the game, and was influential in the genre. Splash Damage created some of the maps for the Game of the Year edition. A sequel, titled Wolfenstein, was released on August 18, 2009.", "war    entity is a first-person shooter developed by id Software, Gray Matter Interactive and Nerve Software and published by Activision. It was released on December 7, 2001 in Europe. In June 2003 two console versions of the game were released for PlayStation 2 and Xbox and named Operation Resurrection and Tides of War respectively. A sequel named Wolfenstein was released on September 15, 2009.", "music    entity is a song written by the English musician John Lennon, formerly of the Beatles. He recorded six demos of the song in 1979 and 1980 with \"Real Life\", a different song that merged with entity. In 1988, the sixth take was posthumously released for the documentary soundtrack Imagine: John Lennon. In 1995, his demo was completed by his former Beatles bandmates as part of the Beatles Anthology project, along with \"Free as a Bird\".", "music    entity is a song written by John Lennon, which was later reworked by the three surviving members of The Beatles in late 1995.", "music    entity is a song by Australian rock band AC/DC. It is the opening track of their 1979 album Highway to Hell. It was initially released as a single in 1979. The song was written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young and Bon Scott, with Angus Young credited for writing the guitar riff which became an instant classic. AC/DC had made several studio albums before and were constantly promoting them via a grueling tour schedule, referred to by Angus Young as being on a highway to hell, hence the name.", "music    entity is a song by the hard rock band AC/DC featured on the album of the same name released in 1979. The song was also released as a single the same year. This song, written by Bon Scott, Angus Young and Malcolm Young , has become one of the best-known rock songs.", "sportsman    entity is a Malawian footballer who currently plays for Dynamos. In 2020, he retired from playing football", "sportsman    entity is a Malawian footballer. He plays as a defender with South African side Dynamos.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Autodromo Hermanos Rodriguez on October 18, 1987. It was the fourteenth round of the 1987 Formula One season. It was the 11th Mexican Grand Prix and the second since the Aut\u00f3dromo Hermanos Rodr\u00edguez was renovated and returned to the World Championship calendar. Attrition bit heavily into the race with just fifteen cars taking the second race start. Nine survived to the finish. Naturally aspirated Jim Clark Trophy cars climbed into the points with Philippe Alliot taking his third top six result for the year.", "competition    Results of the 1987 Formula 1 Mexican Automobile Grand Prix held at the Circuit de Mexico on October 18, 1987.", "singer    entity is a baroque church in Copenhagen, Denmark, most famous for the external spiral winding staircase that can be climbed to the top, offering extensive views over central Copenhagen. It is also noted for its carillon, which is the largest in northern Europe and plays melodies every hour from 8 am to midnight.", "singer    entity is a Baroque church in Copenhagen, Denmark, in the Christianshavn district, the church is famous for its spiral spire and external spiral staircase, which offers a wide view of downtown Copenhagen Copenhagen. It is also known for its carillon, which plays melodies every hour from 8 a.m. to midnight. The church with its spire measures 90 meters.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American rock band Linkin Park. It was released under Warner Bros. Records and Machine Shop Recordings on June 26, 2012, in Japan, and throughout the rest of the world during the following week. Production was handled by vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin, who both co-produced the band's previous two studio albums, Minutes to Midnight and A Thousand Suns . entity would be their last album to be produced by Rubin & to be recorded at NRG Recording Studios.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American rock band Linkin Park. It was released under the Warner Bros. labels. Records and Machine Shop Recordings, and was released on June 20, 2012 in Japan and throughout the following week in other parts of the world.", "city    entity is a department in the \u00cele-de-France region in Northern France. Named after the rivers Seine and Marne, it is the region's largest department with an area of 5,915 square kilometres ; it roughly covers its eastern half. In 2016, it had a population of 1,397,665. Its prefecture is Melun, although both Meaux and Chelles have larger populations.", "city    entity is a French department in the \u00cele-de-France region. It takes its name from the Seine River and the Marne River. Insee and the Post Office assign it the code 77. Its population in 2011 according to the National Institute of Statistics and Economic Studies is 1,338,427 inhabitants. Its inhabitants are the Seine-et-Marnais.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Haute-Corse and the territorial collectivity of Corsica.", "city    entity is the largest city in Missouri by population and area. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the city had a population of 508,090 in 2020, and was the 36th most-populous city in the United States as of the 2020 census. It is the most populated municipality and historic core city of the entity metropolitan area, which straddles the Kansas\u2013Missouri state line and has a population of 2,392,035. Most of the city lies within Jackson County, but portions spill into Clay, Cass, and Platte counties. entity was founded in the 1830s as a Missouri River port at its confluence with the Kansas River coming in from the west. On June 1, 1850, the town of Kansas was incorporated; shortly after came the establishment of the Kansas Territory. Confusion between", "city    entity is the largest city in Missouri, a midwestern US state in the central United States. In 2019, it had 495,327 inhabitants. The city is located at the western end of the state, on the border with Kansas, at the confluence of the Missouri and Kansas rivers. She faces her namesake located she in Kansas. Both cities are part of the bistate entity metropolitan area, which had a population of 2,160,000 in 2015. entity spans the counties", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 344 inhabitants.", "video game    entity is an isometric platform game released by Sega for arcades in 1983. The game includes a ROM that contains a message indicating it was likely coded at least in part by the company Ikegami Tsushinki. The game is viewed in an isometric perspective, like Sega's previous game Zaxxon .", "video game    entity is a platform video game released in 1983 on an arcade terminal, then ported to different platforms. The game was developed and published by Sega.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Kelly Rowland featuring production collective The WAV.s, taken from Rowland's third studio album Here I Am . The song was released on October 26, 2011. The Eurodance driven up-tempo song is the album's third international single and sixth overall and final single, released from October 26, 2011 by Universal Motown and Universal Music. entity was written by Teddy Sky and Bilal Hajji and co-written and produced by RedOne, Jimmy Joker and The WAV.s. The song has been described as a Eurodance and Electro music. The song received mostly positive reviews from music critics, who say that the song is as catchy as Rowland's previous dance hits, \"When Love Takes Over\" and \"Commander\". It was also described as a \"Radio frie", "music    entity is a Eurodance song by American singer Kelly Rowland featuring The WAV.s. Taken from the Here I Am album, the single was released under the Universal Motown Universal Music label. entity is written by RedOne, Teddy Sky, Jimmy Joker, Bilal Hajji, produces RedOne, Jimmy Joker, The WAV.s.", "music    entity is a double disc live album by Frank Zappa, spanning from December 10, 1971 to December 23, 1984. It was released in 1989 . \"Sharleena\" had been previously issued as a flexi disc in Guitar Player magazine. All the songs on disc one are by the 1984 band . Disc two includes performances from various years including a section of \"King Kong\" taken from the December 10, 1971 Rainbow Theatre concert, performed shortly before Zappa was pushed off the stage by an audience member. Zappa's liner notes state that after he played his solo the attack happened \"moments later,\" but in his autobiography he wrote that", "music    entity is an album by Frank Zappa released in 1989 including various excerpts from his concerts between 1971 and 1984.", "sportsman    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the ZSC Lions of the National League .", "sportsman    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "movie    entity is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. He has been nominated for three Academy Awards and a Golden Globe Award. In his early career, he was primarily a screenwriter for horror films such as A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors , The Blob and The Fly II . As a director, he is known for his film adaptations of Stephen King novellas and novels such as The Shawshank Redemption , The Green Mile and The Mist .", "movie    entity is a Hungarian-born American film director, screenwriter, producer and actor born in France on January 28, 1959 in Montb\u00e9liard. He especially distinguished himself by directing three feature films adapted from works by Stephen King: Les \u00e9vad\u00e9s, La Ligne verte, and The Mist. He is also behind the development of the television series The Walking Dead and Mob City and works regularly as a script doctor on film scripts.", "city    entity is a municipality located in the province of C\u00e1ceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2011 census , the municipality has a population of 510 inhabitants.", "city    entity is a municipality in Spain, in the province of C\u00e1ceres, autonomous community of Extremadura.Portal of Extremadura Portal of Extremadura", "music    entity is the debut studio album by Black Star, a hip hop duo consisting of emcees Talib Kweli and Mos Def . The album was released on September 29, 1998, to critical acclaim. The title is a reference to the Black Star Line, a shipping line founded by Pan-Africanist Marcus Garvey. The album deals with modern-day issues, philosophical ideas, and life in Brooklyn, New York City as the two artists know it.", "music    entity is a collaborative album by rappers Mos Def and Talib Kweli, released on August 25, 1998. The album ranked 13th on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 53rd on the Billboard 200 .", "singer    entity is a Dutch house DJ, record producer and remixer from Utrecht.", "singer    entity is a Dutch DJ and producer. Known thanks to the hit Put Your Hands Up For Detroit, No. 1 in the United Kingdom and Finland, another single Let Me Think About It has achieved first place in Bulgaria.", "music    entity is an album of contemporary classical music composed by John Zorn and released in October 2010 on the Tzadik label. It was originally composed in 1999, 11 years prior to release. It features many of Zorn's prominent collaborators, including Erik Friedlander, Stephen Drury, and Fred Sherry.", "music    entity is an album by John Zorn released in 2010 on the Tzadik label. It includes three compositions by John Zorn: Contes De F\u00e9es violin concerto, .\u02d9. for solo piano, 777 , for cello trio, dedicated to Fred Sherry.", "music    entity is a 1987 album by Carlos Santana, dedicated to his son Salvador. The record was released by Carlos Santana as a solo project, not with the Santana band. It won the 1989 Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance, his first Grammy ever.", "music    entity is an album by Carlos Santana released in 1987.", "body of water    entity is a lake in Lesja, Norway. The lake is unusual by having two outlets, one in each end: It flows both East into the Gudbrandsdalsl\u6c13gen and west into the Rauma river in the Romsdalen valley. This bifurcation lake serves as the headwaters for two major rivers: Gudbrandsdalsl\u6c13gen and for Rauma River . Gudbrandsdalsl\u6c13gen flows through the Gudbrandsdalen valley floor, ending in lake Mj\u9176sa. The lake sits on the watershed in the north-western corner of Glomma drainage system that includes large parts of eastern Norway.", "body of water    entity is a Norwegian lake located in the county of Oppland. It has the particularity of having two emissaries, the Gudbrandsdalsl\u00e5gen and the Rauma.", "sports team    entity is a Uruguayan football club based in Montevideo, Uruguay. Founded on 14 May 1899 in Montevideo, as a result of the fusion between Uruguay Athletic Club and Montevideo F\u00fatbol Club. Although its main focus is football, the club hosts many other activities, including basketball, futsal, tennis, cycling, volleyball, and chess. In February 2013, Nacional reached 60,000 associates.", "sports team    entity is a Uruguayan all-sports club based in Montevideo, particularly known for the success of its football section. Founded on May 14, 1899 by Uruguayan academics from the merger of the Uruguay Athletic Club and Montevideo Football Club , the Nacional enjoyed great national and then international success.", "language    entity is a West Germanic language of the Indo-European language family, originally spoken by the inhabitants of early medieval England. It is named after Anglia, a peninsula on the Baltic Sea , and the Angles, one of the ancient Germanic peoples that migrated to the area of Great Britain that later took their name: England. Living languages most closely related to entity include the Low Saxon and Frisian languages, while entity's vocabulary has been significantly influenced by Old Norman French and Latin, as well as by other Germanic languages, particularly Old Norse .", "language    entity is an Indo-European Germanic language originating in England which has its roots in languages \u200b\u200bof northern Europe and whose vocabulary was enriched and the syntax and grammar modified by the Norman language brought by the Normans, then French with the Plantagenets.", "music    entity is the second solo studio album by American singer and songwriter Stevie Nicks. Recording began in late 1982, shortly after the end of Fleetwood Mac's Mirage Tour. After the death of her best friend, Robin Anderson, and with new appreciation for her life and career, Nicks recorded the album in only a few months and was released on June 10, 1983, a year after Fleetwood Mac's Mirage album. It peaked at number five on the US Billboard 200 and achieved platinum status on September 12, 1983. The album has shipped 2 million copies in the US alone.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American singer and member of Fleetwood Mac Stevie Nicks. Released on June 10, 1983, a year after Fleetwood Mac Mirage's album, it reached number five on the US charts and sold a million copies in just three months. In 1993, the RIAA certified the album double platinum.", "music    entity is a 2001 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was the second single from her best of Les Mots and was released on 16 April 2002. The song contains melancholy lyrics set to dance music and was illustrated by a cartoon video produced by Farmer's boyfriend. It achieved great success in France where it remained ranked for several months on the top 50.", "music    entity is a single by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer released in 2002. It is the second single from the Les Mots compilation. It was certified gold. The clip, made from drawings by the singer, is signed Beno\u00eet Di Sabatino. During an interview, Myl\u00e8ne Farmer will admit to having modified the lyrics of the chorus after the fact.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk, within M\u0142awa County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Stupsk in M\u0142awa County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "war    entity is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne.The novel tells of a treasure hunt, where the clues \u2013 arriving in bits and pieces \u2013 lead the seaman Pierre Antife of Saint-Malo and various others of diverse nationalities and backgrounds on a complicated route \u2013 from Tunisia to the Persian Gulf, the Gulf of Guinea, and then to Edinburgh, Spitzbergen, and finally to the Mediterranean off Sicily.", "war    entity is a novel by Jules Verne, published in 1894. The novel tells of a treasure hunt, where the clues, arriving in snatches, lead Pierre Servan Malo from Saint-Malo from Tunisia to the Gulf of Guinea, then to Edinburgh, Spitsbergen Island, and finally off Sicily.", "music    entity is a 2001 song recorded as a duet by the French singer-songwriter Myl\u00e8ne Farmer and the English soul singer Seal. It was the first single from her best of album, Les Mots, and was released on 13 November 2001. It was Farmer's third duet, after those with Jean-Louis Murat in 1991 and Khaled in 1997, and her first international duet. entity is a bilingual song, containing verses in French and in English . In terms of sales, entity is Farmer's fourth biggest success in France, behind \"D\u00e9senchant\u00e9e\", \"Pourvu qu'elles soient douces\" and \"Sans contrefa\u00e7on\".", "music    entity is the thirty-fifth single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer released on November 13, 2001. It is the first extract from her first eponymous best-of.", "competition    entity was the twelfth round of the 2010 Formula One season. It was held in Hungaroring, Hungary on 1 August 2010. Red Bull driver Mark Webber claimed his fourth victory of the season, and reclaimed the championship lead after Lewis Hamilton's retirement from the race. Pedro de la Rosa scored his last World Championship points at this race.", "competition    entity is the twenty-fifth edition of the Grand Prix, the 832nd Formula One World Championship event run since 1950 and the twelfth round of the 2010 championship.", "competition    entity was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 6th edition of the Monterrey Open and an International tournament on the 2014 WTA Tour. It took place at the Club Sonoma in Monterrey, Mexico, from 31 March to 6 April.", "competition    entity is a professional tennis tournament. The 2014 women's edition, classified in the International category, takes place from March 31 to April 6, 2014.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lubusz Voivodeship, western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Mi\u0119dzyrzecz, which lies 48 km south-east of Gorz\u00f3w Wielkopolski and 68 km north of Zielona G\u00f3ra. The county also contains the towns of Skwierzyna, lying 19 km north of Mi\u0119dzyrzecz, and Trzciel, 25 km south-east of Mi\u0119dzyrzecz.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland .", "airport    entity is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.", "airport    entity is a commune in the center-west of France, located in the Vienne department in the Poitou-Charentes region.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Smiths, written by singer Morrissey and guitarist Johnny Marr. It was released as the band's first single in May 1983 on independent record label Rough Trade. It peaked at No. 3 on the UK Indie Chart but did not make the top 75 of the UK Singles Chart, settling outside at No. 124.", "music    entity is a song by rock band The Smiths, written by Morrissey and Johnny Marr. Released in May 1983, it was the group's first single. A remixed version of the song appears on their debut album The Smiths, released in 1984. The song is in G minor. It begins with a harmonica piece played by Johhny Marr in re-recording.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 28 July 2002 at Hockenheimring, Hockenheim, Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg, Germany. It was the twelfth round of the 2002 Formula One season and the 64th German Grand Prix. The 67-lap race was won by Ferrari driver Michael Schumacher after starting from pole position. Juan Pablo Montoya finished second in a Williams with his teammate Ralf Schumacher third.", "competition    Results of the 2002 Formula 1 German Motor Grand Prix held at the Hockenheimring on July 28th.", "city    entity is a city and the administrative center of the Moravica District in central Serbia. It is located in the West Morava Valley within the geographical region of \u0160umadija. According to the 2011 census, the city proper has 73,331 inhabitants, while the administrative area comprises a total of 115,337 inhabitants. Long known as a spa town, the city lies about 144 km south of the Serbian capital, Belgrade. It is also located near the Ov\u010dar-Kablar Gorge , with over 30 monasteries built in the gorge since the 14th century.", "city    entity is a town in Serbia located in the district of Moravica.", "video game    entity is a Japanese erotic video game and the sequel of Prism Heart developed by Pajamas Soft. Its first release was on August 25, 2006. This work contains adult-only content of a sexual nature. An anime entitled Prism Ark began airing on Chiba TV, on October 8, 2007.", "video game    entity is a Japanese erotic video game developed by Pajamas Soft. It has been adapted into anime and manga under the title Prism Ark.", "music    entity was a British record label started by Don Arden in 1974, featuring musicians such as Lynsey de Paul, Electric Light Orchestra , Roy Wood, Gary Moore, Ozzy Osbourne, Alan Price, Adrian Gurvitz, Riot and Magnum.", "music    entity is a British label founded in 1974 by Don Arden. He notably published Electric Light Orchestra and Ozzy Osbourne's first solo albums. Rock portal Rock portal Business portal Business portal", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradi\u0161te, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 975 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Veliko Gradi\u0161te, district of Brani \u010d evo. At the 2011 census, it had 815 inhabitants.", "music    entity are an English indie rock band from Leeds who formed in 2000 as Parva, releasing one studio album, 22, in 2003, before renaming and establishing themselves in their current name that same year. Since their formation the band has consisted of lead vocalist Charles Richard Wilson, guitarist Andrew \"Whitey\" White, bassist Simon Rix, keyboardist Nick \"Peanut\" Baines and since 2013 drummer Vijay Mistry, who replaced founding drummer Nick Hodgson following his departure from the band in late 2012.", "music    entity is an indie rock band from Leeds formed in 1997 under the name Parva, then renamed entity in 2003. It consists of five members: vocalist Ricky Wilson, guitarist Andrew White, bassist Simon Rix, keyboardist Nick Baines and drummer Nick Hodgson, replaced by Vijay Mistry in 2013. Their first album, Employment, released in 2005, was a great commercial and critical success and won them three Brit Awards in 2006.", "singer    entity is considered the earliest representative of light Rococo painting in Denmark.", "singer    entity is a Danish painter.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth, released on June 26, 1990 by DGC Records. For this album, the band sought to expand upon its trademark alternating guitar arrangements and the layered sound of their previous album Daydream Nation . The band's songwriting on entity is more topical than past works, exploring themes of female empowerment and pop culture. Coming off the success of Daydream Nation, Nick Sansano returned to engineer entity, but veteran producer Ron Saint Germain was chosen by Sonic Youth to finish mixing the album following Sansano's dismissal.", "music    entity is an album by Sonic Youth released in 1990. It is the first disc of Sonic Youth's contract with DGC/Geffen. The album was reissued in a deluxe version, entity Deluxe Edition in 2005.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by the English rock band XTC, released 12 September 1980 on Virgin Records. It is the follow-up to the previous year's Drums and Wires, building upon its focus on guitars and expansive-sounding drums, but with more economical arrangements written with the band's subsequent concert performances in mind, avoiding overdubs unless they could be performed live.", "music    entity is the fourth album by XTC, released in September 1980.", "actor    entity is an American screenwriter and film director. He is best known for creating the five-part HBO miniseries Chernobyl, based on the nuclear disaster of the same name in 1986. His work earned him two Primetime Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Writing for a Limited Series, Movie, or Dramatic Special and Outstanding Limited Series. Mazin is also known for his work on the parody film genre, namely Scary Movie 3, Scary Movie 4, and Superhero Movie.", "actor    entity is an American screenwriter, producer and actor born on April 8, 1971.", "city    entity is a department of the French region of Pays de la Loire, and the province of Maine, situated in the Grand-Ouest of the country. It is named after the River entity, which flows from east of Le Mans to just north of Angers.", "city    entity is a French department in the Pays de la Loire region. Its inhabitants are the entityois and the Sarthoises. Insee and the Post office give it the code 72. Its capital is Le Mans. The department was created by the decree of the National Assembly on January 15, 1790. in the name of a river, in this case the entity.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Katy Perry. It was released as the second single from her fourth studio album Prism on October 16, 2013, two days before the album was released. Inspiration for the song came primarily from a humanitarian trip to Madagascar that Perry made in partnership with UNICEF. Having been surrounded by what she described as unconditional love, she co-wrote it with the song's producers Dr. Luke, Max Martin and Cirkut to reflect that feeling.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Katy Perry, released as the second single from her fourth studio album, Prism. Composed by Perry, Dr. Luke, Max Martin and Cirkut, entity is a mid-tempo synthpop and power pop song. His words stem the accepting of a loved one's flaws.", "city    entity is an administrative district in southern Serbia, named after the river Toplica. It has a population of 91,754. Its administrative center is the city of Prokuplje.", "city    entity is an administrative subdivision of the Republic of Serbia. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 90,600. The administrative center of the Toplica district is the town of Prokuplje.", "airport    entity is a commune and a village in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Lot-et-Garonne department.", "music    entity is the third single released from Duran Duran's 1993 album, Duran Duran, popularly known as The Wedding Album.", "music    entity is a song by English band Duran Duran, released as a single in 1993. It is the third single from Duran Duran, the band's seventh studio album also released in 1993 and also known as The Wedding Album, for differentiate it from the other self-titled album Duran Duran released in 1981.", "school    entity is a business school created in 1871. Incorporated as a Higher Education & Research non-profit association and operating under private law, it has campuses in Caen, Dublin, Le Havre, Oxford and Paris. It is one of the oldest business schools in France. It holds EPAS, EQUIS, and AACSB accreditations. In 2015, EM Normandie was selected to appear in the ranking of the Financial Times of the best masters in management in the world .", "school    entity is a major French management school created in 1871 and located in Caen, Deauville and Le Havre, Paris, Oxford. It is one of the oldest business schools in France.", "war    entity is a 2002 American black comedy film based on the novel entity by Dave Barry. It was directed by Barry Sonnenfeld and featured a large cast including Tim Allen and Rene Russo with Dennis Farina, Zooey Deschanel, Sofia Vergara and Jason Lee in supporting roles. Like much of Dave Barry's fiction, it follows a diverse group of people through a series of extremely strange and humorous situations against the backdrop of Miami. The film was a box office and critical bomb.", "war    entity is a 2002 American film directed by Barry Sonnenfeld.", "competition    entity was a singles-only tennis tournament that was played on indoor hard courts. The tournament was sponsored by Turkish construction firm Garanti Koza . It was the fifth edition of the tournament and was part of the 2013 WTA Tour. The 2013 edition was the second to be held in Sofia at the Arena Armeec. The tournament was played between October 29 and November 3. Nadia Petrova was the defending champion, but she did not qualify this year, nor did she receive a wildcard into the event.", "competition    entity is a women's professional tennis tournament. The 2013 edition, classified in the International category, takes place in Sofia from October 28 to November 3, 2013.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Scottish rock band Biffy Clyro. Produced with the band by Chris Sheldon, it was released by Beggars Banquet Records on 16 June 2003. The album reached number 48 on the UK Albums Chart, and spawned four singles. A deluxe remastered edition was released in 2012, which featured, in addition to the original 13 album tracks, a number of B-sides from the album's singles.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Scottish alternative rock band Biffy Clyro, released on June 16, 2003, by Beggars Banquet Records.", "actor    entity is an American actress, producer, and former fashion model. Known for playing femme fatales and women of mystery on film and television, she is the recipient of various accolades, including a Primetime Emmy Award and a Golden Globe Award, in addition to receiving nominations for an Academy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award.", "actor    entity is an American actress and film producer born March 10, 1958 in Meadville, Pennsylvania. After beginnings in modeling, she began her acting career in the 1980s. Success came only twelve years later when she performs Catherine Tramell in Basic Instinct. This success launched his film career. In 1995, Casino earned him a Golden Globe and an Oscar nomination.", "war    entity was a military conflict fought between Somalia and Ethiopia from July 1977 to March 1978 over the Ethiopian region of Ogaden. The conflict began with the Somali invasion of Ethiopia. The Soviet Union disapproved of the invasion and ceased its support of Somalia, instead starting to support Ethiopia. Ethiopia was saved from defeat and permanent loss of territory through a massive airlift of military supplies worth $1 billion, the arrival of more than 12,000 Cuban soldiers and airmen sent by Fidel Castro to win a second African victory , and 1,500 Soviet advisors, led by General Vasily Petrov. On 23 January 1978, Cuban armored brigades inflicted the worst losse", "war    The Ogaden War opposed Ethiopia, then led by the Provisional Military Government of Socialist Ethiopia, and Somalia, then the Somali Democratic Republic, between July 23, 1977 and March 23, 1978. The conflict began with the invasion of the Ogaden by the troops of Siad Barre in order to constitute Greater Somalia.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American rapper Bow Wow. The album was released on July 12, 2005, through Columbia and Sony Urban Music. The production of the album was primarily handled by Bow Wow's long-time producer Jermaine Dupri as well as LRoc, Bryan Michael Cox and No I.D.. The album also features guest appearances by Omarion, Snoop Dogg, Ciara among others. This was Bow Wow's first album to contain uncensored profanity, albeit only in the form of the word \"nigga\".", "music    entity is Bow Wow's fourth studio album, released on July 12, 2005. The album ranked #3 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, Top Internet Albums, and Billboard 200, and was certified platinum. , with more than 900,000 copies sold in the United States.", "music    entity is a 2005 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was the second single from her sixth studio album, Avant que l'ombre..., and was released on 4 July 2005. Like all other tracks from the album, the lyrics were written by Farmer and the music was composed by Laurent Boutonnat. The primary meaning of the song is the attraction to one's partner's intelligence, but the lyrics are ambiguous enough to allow a more sexual interpretation. The accompanying music video was filmed by Beno\u00eet Lestang in Budapest and starred Rafael Amargo and Farmer, performing soft erotic scenes in a bedroom; however, the video was not well received. Variously received by the media, the song became a top ten hit in France and Belgium .", "music    entity is the thirty-ninth single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, released on July 4, 2005. It is the second single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's sixth studio album, Avant que l'ombre....", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. She is known for her distinctive sound, characterized by her peculiar timbre, voice-layering, and intricate riffs, which has earned her the title of \"the Vocal Bible\". As of August 2020, she has sold over 40 million records worldwide, with approximately 8.62 million albums sold in the United States alone. Her work has earned her numerous awards and accolades, including a Grammy Award, an American Music Award, and seven Billboard Music Awards.", "singer    entity is a pop/r'n'b actress and singer.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American progressive rock band Spock's Beard. The multi-part epic \"The Healing Colors of Sound\" comprises tracks 8 through 14 on the album. A CD single promoting the track \"\" was subsequently released as well.The single contained 3 additional tracks: An edited version of \"The Healing Colors of Sound\", \"Can't Get It Wrong\", and also the Neal Morse track \"Lost Cause\", taken from his self-titled debut solo album.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by progressive rock band, Spock's Beard.", "sportsman    entity is a Scottish Australian football player who retired from professional football in 2016. He most recently played for the Rochedale Rovers in QPL. He is generally a defender but can also play as a defensive midfielder.", "sportsman    entity is an Australian international footballer. He plays as a defender or defensive midfielder with Adelaide United in the A-League.", "actor    entity was a British lawyer, human rights activist and the founder of human rights group Amnesty International . He refused all honours for most of his life, but in his 80s, largely to please his family, he accepted the Pride of Britain Award for Lifetime Achievement in 2001.", "actor    entity was an English lawyer and the founder of Amnesty International.", "sportsman    entity is the current head coach of the Russia men's national ice hockey team and former professional ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League for the Winnipeg Jets, Chicago Blackhawks, Philadelphia Flyers and Boston Bruins. He is the general manager of HC Spartak Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League . He previously served as general manager of Vityaz Chekhov and Atlant Moscow Oblast.", "sportsman    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He was general manager of Vityaz Chekhov between 2007 and 2013.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Eure in the Haute-Normandie region.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Lot-et-Garonne department.", "movie    entity is a 2004 psychological horror film directed by Fabrice Du Welz, starring Laurent Lucas, Philippe Nahon and Jackie Berroyer. It was Fabrice Du Welz's first full-length film.", "movie    entity is a Belgian film directed by Fabrice Du Welz, released in 2004.", "army    entity was a French general who served during the Second World War. Monsabert graduated from Saint-Cyr military academy and was commissioned as a lieutenant in 1911. He initially served with the 44th Infantry Regiment and then was moved to the 3rd Moroccan Rifle Regiment, with which he first saw combat in 1912. Assigned to the 1st Mixed Rifle and Zouaves Regiment and then the 9th Zouaves March Regiment in the First World War, he finished the war at the head of a battalion and as a holder of the Legion of Honor.", "army    entity was a French general and politician. He distinguished himself during the Second World War in Africa, then during the Italian campaign at the head of the 3rd Algerian infantry division and finally during the campaign which followed the landing in Provence, during which he notably liberated Toulon and Marseille.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American rapper Dru Down. It was released on August 28, 2001 via AMC American Music/Loon E Bin Productions/Pimp On Records. entity charted significantly on two different Billboard charts, peaking at #81 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart and #15 on the Independent Albums chart.", "music    entity is Dru Down's fourth studio album, released on August 28, 2001.", "singer    entity is an American record producer, songwriter, rapper, entrepreneur, record executive, and DJ. He was born in Asheville, North Carolina and was raised in Atlanta. He has worked with and produced for Kris Kross, Mariah Carey, Usher, Jay-Z, Nelly, Monica, Migos, Da Brat, Xscape, Janet Jackson, TLC, Aretha Franklin, Ludacris, Alicia Keys, Jagged Edge, Mabel, Bow Wow and Weezer.", "singer    entity is the producer and president of the So So Def Recordings label. He was director of the Island Urban Music label from 2007 to 2009. He was also vice-president of Arista Records and Virgin Music.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey team from Omsk. It is a member of the Chernyshev Division in the Eastern Conference of the Kontinental Hockey League .", "sports team    entity is a professional Russian ice hockey club. He plays in the KHL.", "music    entity is the tenth studio album by American singer and songwriter Madonna. It was released on November 9, 2005, by Warner Bros. Records. A complete departure from her previous studio album American Life , the album includes influences of 1970s disco and 1980s electropop, as well as modern-day club music. Initially, she began working with Mirwais Ahmadza\u00ef for the album but later felt that their collaboration was not going in the direction she desired. Madonna took her collaboration with Stuart Price who was overviewing her documentary I'm Going to Tell You a Secret. The album was mainly recorded at Price's home-studio where Madonna spent most of her time during the recordings.", "music    entity is Madonna's tenth studio album. Recorded between 2004 and 2005, it was released on November 14 and 15, 2005. The work is characterized by a pop/dance/electro sound. Today, the album has sold more than 9 million copies. Madonna receives a Grammy Award for Best Electronic/Dance Album of 2006. Madonna returns with a new sound from Music. In a way, this album marks his \"comeback\", because American Life was not a great commercial success.", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter. Her discography spans multiple genres, and her narrative songwriting, which is often inspired by her personal life, has received widespread media coverage and critical praise. Born in West Reading, Pennsylvania, Swift relocated to Nashville, Tennessee, at the age of 14 to pursue a career in country music. She signed a songwriting deal with Sony/ATV Music Publishing in 2004 and a recording deal with Big Machine Records in 2005, and released her eponymous debut studio album in 2006.", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter and actress. She is under contract with the independent label Big Machine Records, and is the youngest artist to have signed with the music publishing house Sony/ATV Music Publishing. The release of her first album titled Taylor Swift made her a country music star.", "airport    entity is a commune of the Tarn department in southern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Tarn department and the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region. Its inhabitants are called entityois, entityoises.", "music    entity is a single by American singer-songwriter Michael Jackson. The song is the fourth single from his 1991 album Dangerous, where it is the opening track. It also appears as the second track on his 2009 This Is It compilation album. The single was re-released in 2006 as part of Jackson's Visionary: The Video Singles collection campaign, and it was remixed to the Cirque du Soleil's Immortal World Tour, releasing that remix on the soundtrack album. entity is a new jack swing song whose bridge features a rap verse performed by Heavy D , though no credit to him appears on the album. The music video of the song featured NBA basketball legend Michael Jordan. The song was also featured on the Chicago Bulls 's 1992 NBA Championship video", "music    entity is the fourth single from Michael Jackson's Dangerous album. It was released in July 1992 in the United States and September 1992 in Europe, concurrently with the Dangerous World Tour's European tour. It is a New Jack Swing song, written by Michael Jackson, Teddy Riley, Bruce Swedien and Ren\u00e9 Moore.", "music    entity is a song by British pop rock band Duran Duran from their 11th studio album, Astronaut . It was released on 18 January 2005 as the second single from that album. The song debuted at number 11 in the UK Singles Chart on 6 February 2005 and was the second single from the album to peak at number two in Italy.", "music    entity is a song by English band Duran Duran, released as a single in 2005. It is the second single from Astronaut, the band's 11 studio album, released in 2004.", "royal    entity was an Egyptian-American chemist, known as the \"father of femtochemistry\". He was awarded the 1999 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work on femtochemistry and became the first Egyptian, and first Arab to win a Nobel Prize in a scientific field, and the second African to win a Nobel Prize in Chemistry. He was the Linus Pauling Chair Professor of Chemistry, Professor of Physics, and the director of the Physical Biology Center for Ultrafast Science and Technology at the California Institute of Technology.", "royal    entity is an Egyptian chemist. He received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1999 \u201cfor his studies of transition states of a chemical reaction using femtosecond spectroscopy\u201d.", "singer    entity is a Japanese singer from Sapporo, Hokkaido, signed to Sacra Music. After being discovered through the Japanese video sharing website Niconico, Aoi made her major debut in 2011 with the release of her first single \"Memoria\", whose title track was used as the first ending theme to the 2011 anime television series Fate/Zero.", "singer    entity is a Japanese singer.", "music    entity is a 1986 song by Prince and The Revolution, from the album Parade, the soundtrack to the film Under the Cherry Moon. It was written by The Revolution members Wendy & Lisa together with Prince. The extended 12\" single version of the song runs nearly ten minutes. entity was often performed in his live concerts. A music video, directed by Prince was released in April 1986.", "music    entity is a Prince & The Revolution song from the Parade album, soundtrack to the movie Under the Cherry Moon. The track was written and composed by Prince, keyboardist Lisa Coleman and guitarist Wendy Melvoin. The long version of entity released on 12\" vinyl is 10 minutes long.", "video game    entity was a Japanese multinational video game and entertainment company, headquartered in \u014cta, Tokyo. It held several international branches, including Namco America in Santa Clara, California, Namco Europe in London, Namco Taiwan in Kaohsiung, and Shanghai Namco in mainland China.", "video game    entity is a Japanese video game development company established in 1955.", "war    entity is a computer racing game developed by Russian studio and published by 1C Company. It is the sequel to the 1989 game Deathtrack. Outside of the CIS, the game was published by 505 Games in the European Union and Aspyr Media in North America, which was released DRM free. In the Russian release, the game had an advertisement for MegaFon, including a brand sticker on the first car.", "war    entity is a motorized combat video game released in October 2008 on PC. The game was developed by SkyFallen Entertainment and published by 1C. It follows Deathtrack released in 1989.", "music    entity is a song by Sting, released as the third single from his album Sacred Love on 26 April 2004. It topped the Dance Club Songs chart in the United States in August 2004. A remix of the song featuring will.i.am of The Black Eyed Peas, titled: \"Stolen Car \", was released on May 18, 2004.", "music    entity is a song written, composed and performed by Sting, from his album, Sacred Love, from which it is the third single released in May 2004. The single version is shorter and remixed.", "city    entity is a department in the Occitanie region of Southern France. Named after the river entity, it had a population of 387,890 as of 2017. Its prefecture and largest city is Albi; it has a single subprefecture, Castres. In French, the inhabitants of entity are known as entityais and entityaises . Its INSEE and postcode number is 81.", "city    entity is a French department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region, crossed by the eponymous river. Insee and La Poste give it the code 81.", "music    entity is also when the band got its name \"Amaseffer\" - from Hebrew \"Am Ha'Sefer\" - People of the book; a name from the Old Testament for the Israelites and later for the Jewish People. The band's music genre is considered progressive metal, but it contains a mixture of rock, metal, world music and Middle Eastern touches.", "music    entity is an Israeli progressive metal band that was formed in 2004 in Tel Aviv, Israel by drummer and percussionist Erez Yohanan and guitarist Yuval Kramer. A year later, a second guitarist Hanan Avramovich joined them and the band got its structure. This is also where the group got their name \"entity\" - from the Hebrew \"Am Ha'Sefer\" - People of the Holy Book; a name in the Old Testament for the Israelites and later for the Jewish people .", "singer    entity is a Pakistani British singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist. She has released five studio albums: Fur and Gold , Two Suns , The Haunted Man , The Bride , and Lost Girls . She has received three Mercury Prize nominations. Khan is also the vocalist for Sexwitch, a collaboration with the rock band Toy and producer Dan Carey.", "singer    entity is the stage name of musician Natasha Khan, born October 25, 1979 in Brighton, UK. On stage, she is accompanied by several musicians, originally Ginger Lee, Abi Fry and Lizzie Carey.", "singer    entity is an American songwriter and producer. He was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2008. He is the son of Joseph Marfy and of songwriter Elena Casals.", "singer    entity is an American songwriter and music producer born October 28, 1953 in Gainesville, Florida.", "music    entity is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, released on the Milestone label in 1980, featuring performances by Rollins with George Duke, Stanley Clarke, Al Foster and Bill Summers.", "music    entity is an album by tenor saxophonist Sonny Rollins released in 1980 on the Milestone label. Rollins is accompanied by renowned musicians with pianist George Duke, bassist Stanley Clarke, drummer Al Foster and Bill Summers on percussion.", "music    entity is the seventh solo album by southern rapper Z-Ro.", "music    entity is Z-Ro's seventh studio album, released on April 27, 2003.", "music    entity is a song written by American singer-songwriter Jake Holmes in 1967. Performed in a folk rock-style, he recorded it for his debut album \"The Above Ground Sound\" of Jake Holmes. Although some concluded that it was about a bad acid trip, Holmes insists the lyrics refer to the effects of a girl's indecision on ending a relationship.", "music    entity is a song composed by American singer-songwriter Jake Holmes for his first studio album \"The Above Ground Sound\" of Jake Holmes released in June 1967 on the Tower Records label, then rearranged by guitarist Jimmy Page with the Yardbirds and eventually recorded with his new band Led Zeppelin for their debut album titled \"Led Zeppelin\" released January 12, 1969 by Atlantic Records.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Indre department in central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Indre, in the Center region.", "sports team    entity are an ECHL ice hockey team based in Wheeling, West Virginia. They are the ECHL affiliate of the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League and the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League. The Nailers are the oldest surviving minor league franchise below the level of the American Hockey League, with unbroken continuity of franchise and never having missed a season of play.", "sports team    entity are an ECHL ice hockey franchise based in Wheeling, West Virginia. The team plays at WesBanco Arena.", "competition    entity are the official results of the Men's Team Time Trial at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Mexico, held on 15 October 1968. There were 120 participants from 30 nations.", "competition    entity was held on October 15, 1968.", "music    entity is an American hip hop duo from Memphis, Tennessee. They met at Ridgeway Middle School in 1984. In 1993, the duo released their debut album Comin' Out Hard. They went on to release On the Outside Looking In , On Top of the World , In Our Lifetime , Space Age 4 Eva , Living Legends , Ridin' High and Ten Toes Down .", "music    entity are an American hip-hop group from Memphis, Tennessee. The two rappers met at Ridgeway Middle School in 1984. In 1993, the duo released their well-received debut album Comin' Out Hard, which helped the band gain significant popularity in the Dirty South scene in the UK. emerging era. They subsequently published On the Outside Looking In, On Top of the World, In Our Lifetime, Vol. 1, Space Age 4 Eva, Living Legends", "company    entity is a domestic and international low-cost airline based in Saudi Arabia, the country's first budget airline. The company's head office is located in Riyadh.", "company    entity is a subsidiary of Saudi National Air Services based in Riyadh. First low-cost airline operating in Saudi Arabia, it began its activity on February 25, 2007. It operates from two bases, at King Khaled International Airport in Riyadh and at King Abdulaziz International Airport in Jeddah, to 6 destinations in Saudi Arabia and 19 others in nine countries in the region.", "music    entity is the first album in a series of five releases celebrating the 10th anniversary of John Zorn's Masada songbook project.", "music    entity is an album recorded by the three guitarists Bill Frisell, Marc Ribot and Tim Sparks, released in 2003 on the Tzadik label. Each musician plays solo, in turn, compositions by Masada. The compositions are by John Zorn. This album is part of the Masada Anniversary series recorded on the occasion of Masada's 10th anniversary.", "music    entity is the fifteenth studio album by Santana. By this recording, Santana had nine members, some of whom had returned after being with the band in previous versions. entity moved away from the more poppy sound of the previous album, Beyond Appearances and back to the band's original Latin rock. It failed, however, to revive Santana's commercial fortunes, reaching only ninety-five on the album chart.", "music    entity is a Santana album released in 1987. In this recording the band is made up of nine members, some of whom are back after participating in older albums. entity moves away from the pop sound of Beyond Appearances to return to Latin rock influences.", "sportsman    entity is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Born in Lebanon, he was granted Kuwaiti citizenship to play for the Kuwait national team.", "sportsman    entity is a Kuwaiti international football player of Lebanese descent, who played as a goalkeeperHe is also a Quran reciter.", "war    entity is a 1984 Japanese anime film written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki, based on his 1982 manga. It was animated by Topcraft for Tokuma Shoten and Hakuhodo, and distributed by the Toei Company. Joe Hisaishi, in his first collaboration with Miyazaki, composed the score. The film stars the voices of Sumi Shimamoto, Goro Naya, Yoji Matsuda, Yoshiko Sakakibara and Iemasa Kayumi. Taking place in a future post-apocalyptic world, the film tells the story of Nausica\u00e4 , the young princess of the Valley of the Wind. She becomes embroiled in a struggle with Tolmekia, a kingdom that tries to use an ancient weapon to eradicate a jungle full of giant mutant insects.", "war    entity is a Japanese animated film directed by Hayao Miyazaki and released in Japanese theaters on March 11, 1984. It is the adaptation of his eponymous manga published between February 1982 and March 1994 in the magazine japanese Animage monthly.", "city    entity is the capital city of entity Governorate, Yemen. It is located at an elevation of about 2000 metres.", "city    entity is a Yemeni city, and the capital of entity Governorate.", "singer    entity is an Italian house/electronic DJ, producer, recording artist, composer, and remixer. He is best known for his involvement with the groups the Tamperer featuring Maya, and, since 2005, Get Far, which is a pseudonym of both his last name and his desire to take his musical direction beyond the Italian Dance sound, of which he has been associated with since the late 1980s. As Get Far, he reached the top of US Hot Dance Airplay chart in August 2010 with the club hit \"The Radio\".", "singer    entity is known to be a member of The Tamperer project featuring Maya with the hit Feel It.", "music    entity is a music genre and subculture that combines guitar pop with DIY ethic in opposition to the style and tone of mainstream pop music. It originated from British post-punk in the late 1970s and subsequently generated a thriving fanzine, label, and club and gig circuit. Compared to its counterpart, indie rock, the genre is more melodic, less abrasive, and relatively angst-free. In later years, the definition of indie pop has bifurcated to also mean bands from unrelated DIY scenes/movements with pop leanings. Subgenres include chamber pop and twee pop.", "music    entity is a musical genre derived from punk and post-punk that appeared in the United Kingdom in the 1980s. The term is sometimes misused to describe all forms of pop that do not meet mainstream criteria.", "sportsman    entity is an Albanian professional football coach and retired player. He played most of his career at 17 N\u00ebntori Tirana where he established himself as one of the greatest strikers of his generation, winning several individual and collective awards. Towards the end of his career, Kola moved for the first time abroad following the fall of communism, by signing with Greece's Egaleo alongside compatriot Adrian Barbullushi. He played there for only one season before returning to the renamed KF Tirana once again to play until his retirement.", "sportsman    entity is an Albanian international football player, now a coach.", "music    entity is the 47th single by the J-pop group Morning Musume, released on September 14, 2011 on the Zetima label. The Single V was released on September 21, 2011, a week after the CD single.", "music    entity is the 47th regular single from the J-Pop group Morning Musume.", "country    entity is the southernmost autonomous community in Peninsular Spain. It is the most populous and the second largest autonomous community in the country. It is officially recognised as a \"historical nationality\". The territory is divided into eight provinces: Almer\u00eda, C\u00e1diz, C\u00f3rdoba, Granada, Huelva, Ja\u00e9n, M\u00e1laga, and Seville. Its capital city is Seville. The seat of the High Court of Justice of Andalusia is located in the city of Granada.", "country    entity is a region of Spain which constitutes one of the seventeen autonomous communities of the country. The Junta de Andaluc\u00eda is the institution on which the autonomous community's self-government is based. The preamble to the country's autonomy statute recognizes entity as a \u201cnational reality\u201d. It is in the south of the Iberian Peninsula.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulej\u00f3w, within Piotrk\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Sulej\u00f3w, Piotrk\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. It is situated on the small river , 12 km north of P\u00e9rigueux.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dordogne, in the Aquitaine region.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in \u0141\u0119czyca County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the town of \u0141\u0119czyca, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina. The gmina covers an area of 150.8 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 8,549.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in entity County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , in central Poland. Its seat is the town of \u0141\u0119 czyca, although it is not part of the territory of the gmina. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b150.8 km2 with a population of 8,549 inhabitants.", "war    entity is an action-adventure game developed by Kronos Digital Entertainment and published by Eidos Interactive for the PlayStation. A prequel was released one year later entitled entity 2: Retro Helix. A remake, entity Reinvented, was announced on August 21, 2017.", "war    entity is an action-adventure video game developed by Kronos and published by Eidos Interactive in 2000 for the PlayStation. The player embodies three mercenaries: Hana, Deke and Glas. This game sports a particular graphic style for the time, typed manga - style which is not strictly speaking cel-shading since the reduced color palette used for the game is related to textures and not to dynamic lighting.", "singer    entity is a Chinese singer-songwriter. She is known for her signature whistle register and has been dubbed the \"Dolphin Princess\" . Zhang began performing as a teenager by singing in pubs to help earn money for her family. After signing with Huayi Brothers Media Corporation in 2005, Zhang released her first studio album, The One . Her second album, Update, was released in 2007. Zhang's third studio album, Jane@Music, was released in 2009. Her fourth studio album, Believe in Jane, was released in 2010. In 2011, Zhang released her fifth studio album, Reform, which was certified double platinum by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry .", "singer    Zhang Liangying", "music    entity is a posthumous release by John Coltrane, drawn largely from tapes discovered in 1994 by the artist's wife, Alice Coltrane, who plays the piano on the session. Alice Coltrane is also responsible for the titles of the eight numbers featured on the album. The album features Rashied Ali on drums and Jimmy Garrison on bass. Garrison had left Coltrane's group the previous year, but returned for these recordings. Coltrane plays alto saxophone - something he did very rarely after 1946 - on both versions of \"Tranesonic\".", "music    entity is a free jazz record produced posthumously in 1995 by Bob Thiele with the complicity of Alice Coltrane on the Impulse! label.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by American rock band Foo Fighters, released on November 10, 2014, through Roswell and RCA Records. Similar to their previous album, Wasting Light , it was produced by the band with Butch Vig. In writing the album's eight songs, singer and guitarist Dave Grohl traveled to eight cities across the United States to conduct interviews with musicians, recording engineers, record producers, and other individuals discussing each city's musical history, which he used as inspiration for the songs' lyrics. The band and Vig then traveled to a different recording location in each city to record the songs. Each track features contributions from one or more musicians with ties to that city's musical history. The process was filmed for a companion televisio", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock band Foo Fighters, due out November 10, 2014 through RCA Records. A homonymous documentary, presenting the recording of the disc and the musical history of the various cities visited is broadcast from October 17, 2014 on the HBO channel.", "mountain    entity is a mountain of the Graian Alps in Aosta Valley, north-western Italy. It is described as an \"elegant, pyramid shaped mountain\". The mountain is a tough climb, and most of the famous peaks of the Alps are visible from its summit on a clear day, with Gran Paradiso especially visible.", "mountain    entity is a summit of the Gran Paradiso massif, 3,513 meters high, which is located in the town of F\u00e9nis, between the Urtier valley and that of Grauson and the Clavalit\u00e9 valley.", "war    entity is the third full-length studio album and major label debut by American heavy metal band Mastodon. The recording of the album finished in April 2006 and it was released on September 12 in the UK and September 12, 2006 in North America through Reprise Records. The album in full could be streamed at the band's MySpace page a few days prior to the release.", "war    entity is the third studio album by American sludge metal band Mastodon. Its recording ended in April 2006 and it was released on September 11 of the same year in England, then on September 12 in the United States. The album could be listened to in full on the band's myspace page a few days before the release. Like Leviathan, released two years earlier, entity is a concept album.", "music    entity is a song by the British rock band Queen and singer David Bowie. Originally released as a single in October 1981, it was later included on Queen's 1982 album Hot Space. The song reached number one on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Queen's second number-one hit in their home country and Bowie's third, and also charted in the top 10 in more than ten countries.", "music    entity is a song written and performed by Queen and David Bowie. Released as a single in October 1981, this song was the English band's first collaboration with another artist, and featured on their 1982 album Hot Space. it ranks in the top 10 in many European countries.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Linkin Park. The song was recorded by the band for their sixth studio album, The Hunting Party, serving as the third track. The track features American rapper Rakim. The track premiered on March 6, 2014 on commercial mobile service Shazam, and was released as a single by Warner Bros. Records on March 7, 2014. The song was self-produced since the band decided not to have a producer for the album.", "music    entity is the lead single from the sixth studio album by American nu-metal band Linkin Park. It was unveiled on March 6, 2014 on Shazam. The song surprises with its heavy and heavy side, which the group had more or less abandoned since their album Minutes To Midnight. The rapper Rakim participates on this title.", "music    entity is a popular music genre and radio format that was most popular during the 1950s to 1970s. It is related to middle-of-the-road music and encompasses instrumental recordings of standards, hit songs, non-rock vocals and instrumental covers of selected popular rock songs. It mostly concentrates on music that pre-dates the rock and roll era, characteristically on music from the 1940s and 1950s. It was differentiated from the mostly instrumental beautiful music format by its variety of styles, including a percentage of vocals, arrangements and tempos to fit various parts of the broadcast day.", "music    entity is a general expression that designates a style of popular music close to variety, from the mid-1950s. entity brings together simple and catchy melodies, soft and elegant songs, ballroom dance rhythms. As such, it is more a qualifier, or a state of mind, than a particular musical genre. There are both artists from the mid-twentieth century and others considered to make electronic music.", "body of water    entity is a lake in Hautes-Pyr\u8305n\u8305es, France. At an elevation of 2,309 metres , its surface area is 0.02 km2 . \n* v \n* t \n* e", "body of water    entity is a French lake in the Pyrenees, in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department and the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is W\u0119gr\u00f3w, which lies 73 kilometres east of Warsaw. The only other town in the county is \u0141och\u00f3w, lying 26 km north-west of W\u0119gr\u00f3w.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Mazovia Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland, created in 1999 during the administrative reform. It was born on January 1, 1999, following the reforms Polish local government passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest city is W\u0119gr\u00f3w , which lies 73 kilometers east of Warsaw .", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 3 July 1994 at the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours near Magny-Cours in France. It was the seventh race of the 1994 Formula One World Championship. The 72-lap race was won by Michael Schumacher, driving a Benetton-Ford. It was Schumacher's sixth victory in seven races. Damon Hill finished second in a Williams-Renault, having started from pole position and led the race, while Gerhard Berger finished third in a Ferrari. Schumacher now led the Drivers' Championship by 37 points from Hill.", "competition    Results of the 1994 Formula 1 French Grand Prix which took place at the Magny-Cours circuit on July 3.", "city    entity is a county in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland, on the border with Belarus. It was established on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Bia\u0142a Podlaska, although the city is not part of the county . The only towns in Bia\u0142a Podlaska County are Mi\u0119dzyrzec Podlaski, which lies 24 km west of Bia\u0142a Podlaska, and the border town of Terespol, 32 km east of Bia\u0142a Podlaska.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Lublin Voivodeship in southeastern Poland.", "music    entity is a song by Electronic, the English band formed by Bernard Sumner of New Order and ex-Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr. It was the second single from their 1991 debut album Electronic and was a commercial success around the world. It is a good example of Marr and Sumner's original concept of mixing the fluid synthesizers of New Order with The Smiths' rich guitar sound.", "music    entity is the second single by British new wave and rock band Electronic, released in 1991.", "music    entity is a song by British singer Jay Sean. The song was released in North America as his debut single from his first album there, All or Nothing. In other markets, including the United Kingdom, the song serves as Jay Sean's lead single from his third studio album. The single features American rapper and label mate Lil Wayne and is produced by J-Remy and Bobby Bass. entity is the seventh-best selling single of 2009 and has been certified Platinum in several countries. The song went on to sell six million copies in the United States and received a large airplay on radio worldwide.", "music    entity is a song by British artist Jay Sean released on May 31, 2009. In the Americas, it is his debut single and his debut studio album All or Nothing. In the UK, this is his first single from his third studio album. We find the collaboration of the American rapper Lil Wayne and founder of the label where the single was released Cash Money Records. The song is produced by J-Remy and Bobby Bass.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger. He played in the National Hockey League with the Carolina Hurricanes.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "music    entity is a compilation of King Diamond songs, released in 1988 by Roadrunner Records. This album contains five tracks , released on previous albums, but are mostly unrelated in their stories .", "music    entity is an EP by King Diamond released on November 1, 1988.", "music    entity is the second studio album by John Frusciante. It was released on August 26, 1997 on Birdman Records, while Frusciante was addicted to drugs and was no longer performing with Red Hot Chili Peppers. The record is an amalgamation of songs from various periods of time, mainly extras not included on Frusciante's debut Niandra Lades and Usually Just a T-Shirt ; included, however, are several tracks recorded in 1993, 1994, 1996 and \"A Fall Thru the Ground\" from 1988.", "music    entity is the second solo album by John Frusciante, guitarist of the Red Hot Chili Peppers from 1988 to 1992 and from 1998 to 2009.", "sportsman    entity is a retired Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender. During his career, he played for clubs in his native Finland, Italy, Norway, Sweden, Russia, Czech Republic and Germany. He won the World Championship with the Finnish national team in 2011.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a goalkeeper.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on 2 June 1972 by Harvest and Capitol Records. It serves as the soundtrack for the French film La Vall\u00e9e, by Barbet Schroeder. It was recorded in two sessions in France, while Pink Floyd were in the midst of touring, and produced by the band.", "music    entity is an instrumental track by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd released in 1972 on the album Obscured by Clouds. It is the second title of the disc. The group played it in concert during the end of 1972, then took it over as the opening of certain concerts in 1973 for the tour The Dark Side of the Moon. The title refers to a gimmick uttered regularly by a former tour manager of the band.", "video game    entity is a 2003 maze video game developed by Nintendo EAD and published by Namco for the GameCube. In the game, one player takes control of Pac-Man, who must eat all of the pellets in the maze, while the others control the ghosts to try to catch them. The objective is to be the first to reach a set number of points, selected before the game begins. The player controlling Pac-Man uses the Game Boy Advance to play, while the others use the television to control the ghosts. The game requires the GameCube - Game Boy Advance link cable in order to play.", "video game    entity is a Pac-Man video game published by Nintendo EAD and developed by Namco and released for the GameCube in 2003 along with the Players' Choice Edition of Pac-Man World 2 and the GameCube versions of I-Ninja and R: Racing Evolution.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 877 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the third studio album by singer and songwriter Tom Waits, released on October 21, 1975 on Asylum Records. It was recorded over four sessions in July in the Los Angeles Record Plant studio in front of a small invited audience set up to recreate the atmosphere of a jazz club. The album peaked at 164 on the Billboard 200, the highest place Waits had held at the time, and is currently certified silver by the BPI. It has received critical acclaim for its successful mood-setting, capturing of the jazz-club atmosphere and characterization.", "music    entity is the third album by Tom Waits, released in 1975 under Asylum Records.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Kasabian from their fifth studio album, 48:13. The song was released as the lead single to promote the album on 29 April 2014.", "music    entity is the lead single from British rock band Kasabian's fifth studio album, released on April 29, 2014. It reached number 22 on the UK Singles Chart.", "music    entity is a double album of contemporary classical music by American composer John Zorn. The piece Kol Nidre which appears in two versions on this recording is a tune from Zorn's Masada songbook.", "music    entity is a double album by John Zorn played by different bands. It includes the string quartets found on The String Quartets, but played by a different group, the Mondriaan Quartet, plus four other pieces played by the Asko Ensemble under the direction of Stephen Ashbury, by Tomoko Mukaiyama on piano in Carny , by a clarinet quartet for the second version of Kol Nidre and by a violin-piano-percussion trio for Music for Children.", "music    entity is the second live album by British rock band The Who, recorded in 1982 during what was then billed as the band's \"farewell tour\". Thus, this album, released in 1984, was to be the band's last album. Notable by their absence from this recording, released by MCA two years after the tour, are songs from the band's two then recent Warner Bros. Records albums, Face Dances and It's Hard, although they played \"The Quiet One\" and several songs from It's Hard every night on the tour.", "music    entity is a double live album by The Who, recorded during their 'farewell tour' of 1982 and released two years later. It includes a selection of tracks performed on the last dates of the tour, at Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto. This selection notably excludes songs from the group's last two studio albums, Face Dances and It's Hard.", "music    entity is an American record label owned by Warner Music Group and distributed by Elektra Records. The label, founded in Gainesville, Florida, is based in New York City.", "music    entity is a record label located in Tampa, Florida. It was founded by Vinnie the drummer of the punk band Less Than Jake and John Janick. This label is the precursor of the new American alternative punk scene.", "city    entity is a borough of New York City, coextensive with Richmond County, in the U.S. state of New York. Located in the southwest portion of the city, the borough is separated from New Jersey by the Arthur Kill and the Kill Van Kull and from the rest of New York by New York Bay. With a population of 495,747 in the 2020 Census, entity is the least-populated of the boroughs but is the third-largest in land area at 58.5 sq mi .", "city    entity is both an island and one of New York City's five boroughs. It also coincides with the county of Richmond, administrative division of the State of New York, but the latter does not function as a county strictly speaking, indeed it has no power and depends entirely on the municipal authority.", "government    entity is a national-conservative political party in Albania. It currently holds 3 of the 140 seats in the Parliament of Albania, in alliance with the Democratic Party of Albania.", "government    entity is an Albanian conservative political party founded in 1991, a former member of the Alliance for Europe of Nations and chaired by former Defense Minister Fatmir Mediu. In 2001, the Republican Party of Albania participates in the Union for Victory coalition, which won 36.8% of the vote and 46 MP seats.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradi\u0161te, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 749 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Veliko Gradi\u0161te, district of Brani \u010d evo. At the 2011 census, it had 597 inhabitants.", "singer    This article lists the albums attributed to the Mobile Suit Gundam SEED series.", "singer    This article lists the albums and single associated with the anime series Mobile Suit Gundam SEED and Gundam Seed Destiny.", "video game    entity is a virtual machine that was developed by Joel Berez and Marc Blank in 1979 and used by Infocom for its text adventure games. Infocom compiled game code to files containing Z-machine instructions and could therefore port its text adventures to a new platform simply by writing a Z-machine implementation for that platform. With the large number of incompatible home computer systems in use at the time, this was an important advantage over using native code or developing a compiler for each system.", "video game    entity is a virtual machine that was developed by Joel Berez and Marc Blank in 1979 and used by Infocom for its text adventure games.", "army    entity was created in October 1934 under the cover name Wehrgauleitung Regensburg to hide its violation of the Treaty of Versailles. It was renamed the 10th Infantry Division when the establishment of the Wehrmacht was announced publicly in October 1935.", "army    entity was a mechanized infantry division of the German Army, within the Wehrmacht, during World War II.", "music    entity is a German happy hardcore, rave and techno music band founded in Hamburg in 1993. To date, the band has sold over 30 million records and earned over 80 Gold and Platinum awards. entity is considered the most commercially successful German single-record act with 23 top ten hits. The band is composed of lead vocalist H.P. Baxxter, German DJ/musician Michael Simon and musician/producer Sebastian Schilde.", "music    entity is a German techno hard dance band, formed in Hamburg. the band has sold over 30 million copies and earned over 80 certification records. entity is one of the most popular bands to hit the charts. The group currently consists of HP Baxxter, Rick J. Jordan and Michael Simon.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Mosport Park on September 20, 1969. It was race 9 of 11 in both the 1969 World Championship of Drivers and the 1969 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The 90-lap race was won from pole position by Belgian driver Jacky Ickx in a works Brabham-Ford, with teammate Jack Brabham second and Jochen Rindt third in a works Lotus-Ford. In this race, Al Pease who drove a privately entered Eagle-Weslake in what would be its final F1 appearance became the only driver in F1 history to be disqualified for driving too slowly.", "competition    Results of the 1969 Formula 1 Canadian Grand Prix held at the Mosport Park circuit on September 30, 1969.", "music    entity is a 1985 song by Prince and The Revolution. It was the first single released in some international markets from their 1985 album, Around the World in a Day and so is also the album's last single internationally. entity was recorded 3 months after the Purple Rain album was released. Violin on the song was played by Novi Novog, and Wendy & Lisa provide backing vocals. The rest of the song was performed by Prince. The song reached the Top 40 in all of the countries it was released in. It peaked within the Top 20 in both Ireland and the UK .", "music    entity is a song by Prince and The Revolution from the album Around the World in a Day. Prince recorded all the instruments on the song with Wendy Melvoin and Lisa Coleman for backing vocals and Novi Novog on violin. .", "music    entity is the first single released from American rapper LL Cool J's sixth album, Mr. Smith. The song features vocals from American R&B group Boyz II Men. It was released on October 31, 1995, for Def Jam Recordings and was produced by The Trackmasters and LL Cool J. The song samples Michael Jackson's \"The Lady in My Life\" from his 1982 hit album Thriller; thus Rod Temperton, the writer of that song, was given credit as a writer of this song. On the B-side is the \"I Shot Ya\" remix.", "music    entity is a song by artist LL Cool J in collaboration with Boyz II Men taken from the album Mr. Smith. The song contains a sample of The Lady in My Life by Michael Jackson hence the fact that Rod Temperton is also credited as author of this song.At the 39th Grammy Awards in 1997, the song won a Grammy Award for \"Best Rap Solo Performance\".", "competition    entity was the culmination of the 1948\u201349 football season in Germany. VfR Mannheim were crowned champions for the first time after a one-leg knock-out tournament. It was both sides' first appearance in the final.", "competition    entity was the 39th edition of the German first division. The national championship was played in the form of a cup, with a single knockout match. The 8 clubs came from the various higher leagues created at the start of the previous season. The context of the \"occupancy zones\" had faded.", "city    entity is a city and a municipal board in entity district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. Located on the Saryu River, a tributary of the Ghaghara river, entity is 125 kilometres north-east of Lucknow, the state capital. The districts of Barabanki, Gonda, Balrampur, Lakhimpur Kheri, Shravasti and Sitapur share local boundaries with entity. A factor which makes this town important is the international border shared with Nepal.", "city    entity is an Indian city located in the entity district in the state of Uttar Pradesh. In 2011, its population was 186,223.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Arctic Monkeys. The song was released through Domino Recording Company as the band's first single from their debut studio album, Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not . It debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart on 23 October 2005, and remains one of the band's best-known songs. Arctic Monkeys performed the track at the opening ceremony of the 2012 Summer Olympics. The song was ranked at number 7 on NME's list of The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.", "music    entity is the debut single from indie rock band Arctic Monkeys. It is taken from the album Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not released in 2006. The single was released on Domino Records as the lead single from the band's debut album. It jumped straight to number one on the UK charts on October 23, 2005 and remains one of their best-known songs to this day.", "music    entity is the debut studio album of American rock musician Lenny Kravitz, released on September 6, 1989, by Virgin Records.", "music    entity is the name of Lenny Kravitz's debut album, released on Virgin Records in September 1989. His wife Lisa Bonet wrote the lyrics to Fear and co-wrote the lyrics to Rosemary.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Lil Wayne featuring fellow rappers B.G. and Juvenile. It was released on October 23, 1999 via Cash Money Records as the lead single from his debut solo studio album Tha Block Is Hot. Recording sessions took place at Cash Money Studios in Metairie, Louisiana. Production was handled by Mannie Fresh with executive producers Ronald \"Slim\" Williams and Birdman. In Dave Meyers-directed music video, Lil' Wayne is getting chased by cops and successfully evades them as well as a police helicopter.", "music    entity is the debut single by New Orleans rapper Lil Wayne, released on September 23, 1999. The song is from the album entity released the same year. s 100 Greatest Hip-Hop Songs. entity is certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America.", "music    entity is the lead single from Mobb Deep's 1995 album The Infamous.... The song is a sequel to the group's 1994 promotional single \"Shook Ones\", with similar lyrics, but less profanity. The original song is featured on the b-side of some releases of \"Shook Ones, Part II\" and was also included on the international version of the group's album Hell on Earth. The narrative is told from the perspective of inner-city youths engaged in territorial warfare and struggling for financial gains. The phrase \"shook one\" refers to someone who acts tough and hardcore but when faced with murder and crime, they are scared and run away.", "music    entity is a song featured on Mobb Deep's The Infamous album. It is the sequel to the song Shook Ones. There is a dark and disturbing atmosphere in the style of the album. The predominant theme is the territorial struggle between young people.Shook Ones part II is considered one of the best songs in the history of rap.", "mountain    entity is a mountain massif in the eastern part of the Pennine Alps. It is between Italy's and Switzerland's . entity is the second highest mountain in the Alps and western Europe, after Mont Blanc. The group is on the watershed between central and southern Europe.", "mountain    entity is located in Monte Rosa, in the municipality of Zermatt, a few hundred meters from the border between Italy and Switzerland. It was named in memory of the Swiss general and cartographer Guillaume-Henri Dufour.", "music    entity was an English musician, singer-songwriter, and music and film producer who achieved international fame as the lead guitarist of the Beatles. Sometimes called \"the quiet Beatle\", Harrison embraced Indian culture and helped broaden the scope of popular music through his incorporation of Indian instrumentation and Hindu-aligned spirituality in the Beatles' work. Although the majority of the band's songs were written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, most Beatles albums from 1965 onwards contained at least two Harrison compositions. His songs for the group include \"Taxman\", \"Within You Without You\", \"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\", \"Here Comes the Sun\" and \"Something\".", "music    entity is a British musician, songwriter, singer and film producer, guitarist and the youngest member of the Beatles. The son of a poor family in Liverpool, he is a childhood friend of Paul McCartney, who proposes him, early 1958, to John Lennon, to join his band, The Quarrymen.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers, St. Louis Blues, Philadelphia Flyers and Quebec Nordiques. He won back-to-back Stanley Cups while a member of Philadelphia's \"Broad Street Bullies\" teams in the mid-1970s. He also is often referred to by his nickname, \"Moose\".", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League as a defenseman for the New York Rangers, St. Louis Blues, Philadelphia Flyers and Quebec Nordiques.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Bas-Rhin in the Alsace region.", "music    entity is a two-disc album set including a studio album and a live album. The first disc, titled Venus: Orbiting, features eleven original songs that find Amos experimenting heavily in electronica. It spawned the singles \"Bliss\", \"1000 Oceans\", \"Glory of the 80's\" , and \"Concertina\" . The second disc, Venus Live, Still Orbiting, is a thirteen-track album compiling live tracks recorded from her Plugged '98 tour. This is the first official live release of Amos's career.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by singer-songwriter Tori Amos. It is more precisely a double album: the first disc entitled Venus: Orbiting contains eleven new songs; the second disc entitled Venus Live: Still Orbiting contains thirteen live tracks, recorded during the Plugged Tour 98, a year earlier.", "island    entity is a sea connected to the Atlantic Ocean, surrounded by the Mediterranean Basin and almost completely enclosed by land: on the north by Western and Southern Europe and Anatolia, on the south by North Africa, and on the east by the Levant. The Sea has played a central role in the history of Western civilization. Although the Mediterranean is sometimes considered a part of the Atlantic Ocean, it is usually referred to as a separate body of water. Geological evidence indicates that around 5.9 million years ago, the Mediterranean was cut off from the Atlantic and was partly or completely desiccated over a period of some 600,000 years during the Messinian salinity crisis before being refilled by the Zanclean flood about 5.3 million years ago.", "island    entity is an almost completely enclosed intercontinental sea, located between Europe, Africa and Asia and extending over an area of \u200b\u200bapproximately 2.5 million square kilometers.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Kelly Clarkson from her second studio album, Breakaway . The song, which was written and produced by Max Martin and Lukasz \"Dr. Luke\" Gottwald, was released as the lead single from Breakaway two weeks before the album was released. It is an uptempo pop rock and power pop power ballad that infuses electronic sounds with a mixture of a soft and loud pop rock sound. Martin originally wrote entity with Pink in mind, but she turned it down. It was then given to Hilary Duff, but she rejected the song because she could not reach its higher notes. The song was finally given to Clarkson after Clive Davis convinced the writers to give it to her. Clarkson decided to add heavier guitars and harder drums to the song after noti", "music    entity is the second single from Breakaway, the second album by American pop-rock singer Kelly Clarkson. , the Billboard Hot 100. Being considered an American Idol girl, entity helps Kelly Clarkson move away from this image, showing that she is an artist on her own.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres west of Sierpc and 123 km north-west of Warsaw. The village has a population of 210.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Sierpc in the county of Sierpc in the Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "movie    entity is a 2007 Canadian film directed and written by Guy Maddin with dialogue by George Toles. Described by Maddin as a \"docu-fantasia\", that melds \"personal history, civic tragedy, and mystical hypothesizing\", the film is a surrealist mockumentary about Winnipeg, Maddin's home town. A New York Times article described the film's unconventional take on the documentary style by noting that it \"skates along an icy edge between dreams and lucidity, fact and fiction, cinema and psychotherapy\".", "movie    entity is an English-speaking Canadian film directed by Guy Maddin, released in 2007. Taking the form of a black and white mockumentary, this experimental film with surreal accents deals with the city where the director is from: Winnipeg.", "music    entity is a French electronic music duo consisting of Gaspard Aug\u00e9 and Xavier de Rosnay. The duo's label is Ed Banger Records, managed by Pedro Winter. entity is known for incorporating a strong rock influence into their music and image.", "music    entity is a French synthpop, electronic music duo, composed of Gaspard Aug\u00e9 and Xavier de Rosnay.", "government    entity was a centre-right federal political party in Canada that existed from 1942 to 2003. Originally the early Conservative Party that was founded by Prime Minister John A. Macdonald, its name was changed to the Progressive Conservative Party in 1942 under the request of Manitoba Progressive Premier John Bracken. Bracken became the party leader that same year but was unable to defeat William Lyon Mackenzie King's governing Liberals in 1945. He resigned as leader in 1948 and was succeeded by Ontario Premier George A. Drew, who drove the Progressive Conservatives' seat count into historically low numbers in 1949 and 1953.", "government    entity was a centre-right Canadian conservative political party that existed from 1867 to 2003. Although the party officially ceased to exist after 2003, several members of the Canadian Senate continue to sit as members of the Progressive Conservative caucus. The Progressive Conservatives were also known as the \"Tories\".", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Bas-Rhin in the Alsace region.", "singer    entity is an Italian composer, songwriter, and record producer. Dubbed the \"Father of Disco\", Moroder is credited with pioneering euro disco and electronic dance music. His work with synthesizers had a large influence on several music genres such as Hi-NRG, Italo disco, new wave, house and techno music.", "singer    entity is an Italian composer, producer of electro-synthetic music and music arranger. He is best known for his collaboration with Donna Summer during the disco period with titles like Love to Love You Baby and I Feel Love, or even the soundtrack of Midnight Express. He can be considered as the precursor of a new musical genre, trance.", "music    entity is the second compilation album by Swedish house music supergroup Swedish House Mafia. The album was released on 19 October 2012 to mixed reviews by music critics who praised its singles and the rework of Coldplay's \"Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall\", but deemed the record to be more suited for live play than home listening. After the album was released, the trio announced that they would split up to continue with their separate projects. The album cover features a negative photo of Axwell, Ingrosso and Angello. The album contains 4 singles: \"Save the World\", \"Antidote\", \"Greyhound\" and \"Don't You Worry Child\", the latter of which went on to became the group's signature song and biggest hit single to date.", "music    entity is the second compilation album by Swedish DJ group Swedish House Mafia, released on October 22, 2012 under the Polydor label. The album is made up of 22 house-style tracks. This is the band's last album.", "school    entity is a public land-grant research university in Berkeley, California. Established in 1868 as the University of California, it is the state's first land-grant university and the first campus of the University of California system. Its fourteen colleges and schools offer over 350 degree programs and enroll some 31,000 undergraduate and 12,000 graduate students. Berkeley is ranked among the world's top universities by major educational publications.", "school    entity is the first campus of the University of California. It is located in Berkeley, California, on the eastern shore of San Francisco Bay, overlooking the Golden Gate. On campus there are 33,000 students and more than 1,800 teachers.", "music    entity is a gospel music song by Blind Willie Johnson. The title line, closing each stanza of the song, refers to a deathbed and was inspired by a passage in the Bible from Psalms 41:3 \"The Lord will strengthen him upon the bed of languishing, thou wilt make all his bed in his sickness\". Numerous artists have recorded variations, including Bob Dylan and Led Zeppelin.", "music    entity is the third song from Physical Graffiti, the sixth album by British rock band Led Zeppelin, released in 1975. It is a traditional folk/blues song, inspired by the song Jesus Make Up My Dying Bed, recorded by Blind Willie Johnson and later taken over by Josh White, Bob Dylan and Martin Gore.", "sportsman    entity is a Congolese football goalkeeper who last played for Maritzburg United in South Africa. He also holds South African citizenship. He was a member of the Congolese 2006 African Nations Cup team, who progressed to the quarter finals, where they were eliminated by Egypt, who eventually won the tournament. Chansa is known for his acrobatic saves. Chansa was the shot-stopper coach in Vera Pauw's technical team, which assisted Banyana Banyana in qualifying for the Africa Cup of Nations and the Olympic Games.", "sportsman    entity is a Congolese footballer born September 10, 1974 in Lubumbashi. He participated in the 2006 African Cup of Nations with the Democratic Republic of Congo team.", "body of water    entity is the longest and one of the most historically important rivers of Western Asia. Together with the Tigris, it is one of the two defining rivers of Mesopotamia . Originating in Turkey, the Euphrates flows through Syria and Iraq to join the Tigris in the Shatt al-Arab, which empties into the Persian Gulf.", "body of water    entity is a 2,780 km long river in Asia.", "music    entity is a single by British rapper Dizzee Rascal, from his fourth studio album, Tongue n' Cheek. It was released on 30 June 2008 and features guest vocals from British DJ Calvin Harris and British R&B singer Chrome. The extended mix of the song also appears on Harris' second studio album, Ready for the Weekend. British rock group Keane mashed-up this song with \"Another One Bites the Dust\" by Queen at Radio 1 Live Lounge as \"Another One Bites the Dizzee\".", "music    entity is a song by rapper Dizzee Rascal featuring Scottish DJ Calvin Harris and British singer Chrome released on June 22, 2008.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Allg\u00e4u Alps of Bavaria, Germany. \n* v \n* t \n* e", "mountain    entity is a mountain culminating at 2,376 m above sea level in the Allg\u00e4u Alps. It is part of the set of grassy slopes dominated by the Rauheck. Together with the Kegelkopf, it separates the Dietersbachtal in Germany and the Traufbachtal in Austria. The path between the Kemptner H\u00fctte and the Prinz-Luitpold-Haus passes through the Kreuzeck.", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and record producer. She was the lead singer and primary songwriter of 4 Non Blondes, and has since founded two record labels and composed and produced hit songs for several other artists. They include: \"Beautiful\" by Christina Aguilera; \"What You Waiting For?\" by Gwen Stefani; and \"Get the Party Started\" by P!nk. Perry has also contributed to albums by Adele, Alicia Keys, and Courtney Love, as well as signing and distributing James Blunt in the United States. Perry was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2015.", "singer    entity is an American musician, singer, songwriter, and producer. She has Brazilian and Portuguese origins. She is known for being the lead singer of 4 Non Blondes and the producer of hit songs like Pink's Get the Party Started, What You Waiting For? by Gwen Stefani or Beautiful and Hurt by Christina Aguilera.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Occitanie region of south-western France. The inhabitants of the commune are known as Beaucinois or Beaucinoises.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department, in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "country    entity is a country in Southeastern Europe. It is located on the Adriatic and Ionian Sea within the Mediterranean Sea and shares land borders with Montenegro to the northwest, Kosovo to the northeast, North Macedonia to the east and Greece to the south. Tirana is its capital and largest city, followed by Durr\u00ebs, Vlor\u00eb and Shkod\u00ebr.", "country    entity is a republic located in Southern Europe, in the western part of the Balkan Peninsula. It has a seafront to the west, overlooking the Adriatic Sea and the Ionian Sea. Albania also shares common borders with Montenegro to the north-northwest, Kosovo to the north-northeast, North Macedonia to the east-northeast, and Greece to the southeast.", "music    entity is a 2001 album by classically trained Swedish mezzo-soprano Anne Sofie von Otter and Elvis Costello.", "music    entity is an album by Elvis Costello and Anne Sofie von Otter.", "war    entity is a 2008 survival horror game developed by Double Helix Games and published by Konami Digital Entertainment. The sixth installment in the Silent Hill series, Homecoming follows the journey of Alex Shepherd, a soldier returning from war, to his hometown of Shepherd's Glen, where he finds the town in disarray, and his younger brother missing. As he continues on his search to find his younger brother, he discovers more about the Order, a cult, as well as the town's history, and his own past.", "war    entity is an action-adventure video game developed by Double Helix Games and published by Konami, released in 2009 on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles, and on PC. It is a survival horror part of from the Silent Hill series.", "city    entity is a large village or small town in the Northern Region of Malta. It has a population of 10,087 as of March 2014. entity is also a tourist resort, popular for its sandy beaches and natural environment.", "city    entity is a locality in Malta of approximately 10,000 inhabitants, located in the north of Malta, place of a local council included in the Tramuntana region.", "actor    entity was an American character actor and food writer noted for his work on stage, screen, and television. Described as an \"instantly recognizable sad-faced actor\", Schiavelli was diagnosed with Marfan syndrome in childhood.", "actor    entity is an Italian-American actor, born November 10, 1948 in Brooklyn, New York, and died of lung cancer on December 26, 2005 in Polizzi Generosa, Sicily.", "music    entity is a fusion of jazz and hip hop music, as well as an alternative hip hop subgenre, that developed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. AllMusic writes that the genre \"was an attempt to fuse African-American music of the past with a newly dominant form of the present, paying tribute to and reinvigorating the former while expanding the horizons of the latter.\" The rhythm was rooted in hip hop over which were placed repetitive phrases of jazz instrumentation: trumpet, double bass, etc. Groups involved in the formation of jazz rap included A Tribe Called Quest, Digable Planets, De La Soul, Gang Starr, The Roots, Jungle Brothers, and Dream Warriors.", "music    entity is a rap current that operates a return to the sources of black American music and especially jazz and soul.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He who currently plays for Laval Braves of the Ligue Nord-Am\u00e9ricaine de Hockey . Rullier was selected by the Los Angeles Kings in the fifth round of the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. Prior to turning professional, Rullier played four season for Rimouski Oc\u00e9anic from the 1996\u20131997 season until 1999-2000.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "music    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Slipknot, released as the first single and title track from the album All Hope Is Gone. It was released on June 20, 2008, as a free MP3 on the band's website, after which it was released as a paid download on June 23. The song was originally announced by blabbermouth.net to be \"a heavier track\" from All Hope Is Gone, scheduled to begin airplay on June 15. entity is also the first title track from a Slipknot album to be released as a single.", "music    entity is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot, taken from their album of the same name. It was put online for free download for one day on June 20, 2008 in mp3 format on the band's official website, then for paid download on June 23, 2008.", "actor    entity is an American actor, screenwriter, and film editor. He is best known as a character actor, often under special effects prosthetic makeup. He has acted in over one hundred independent films, and a number of television roles. Toy grew up in Pennsylvania, and his interest in the film industry was encouraged early on by his father, who worked as an actor and makeup artist. Toy was one of the founding members and artistic director of the Obie Award-winning theatre in New York City.", "actor    entity is an American actor.", "award    entity is a bronze medal awarded by the Royal Society for the encouragement of mathematical research, and accompanied by a \u00a31,000 prize. It was named in honour of James Joseph Sylvester, the Savilian Professor of Geometry at the University of Oxford in the 1880s, and first awarded in 1901, having been suggested by a group of Sylvester's friends after his death in 1897. Initially awarded every three years with a prize of around \u00a3900, the Royal Society have announced that starting in 2009 it will be awarded every two years instead, and is to be aimed at 'early to mid career stage scientist' rather than an established mathematician. The award winner is chosen by the Society's A-side awards committee, which handles physical rather than biologic", "award    entity is a scientific honor awarded every three years by the Royal Society. This bronze medal, created in 1901 in honor of the mathematician James Joseph Sylvester, is awarded in recognition of work in the field of mathematics. It is awarded every two years, together with a donation of \uffe11,000 to a young mathematical researcher.", "war    entity is a 1949 American Adventure Western film written and directed by George Waggner and starring John Wayne, who also produced the film. The supporting cast featured Vera Ralston; Philip Dorn; Oliver Hardy portraying Wayne's sidekick; Marie Windsor; John Howard; Hugo Haas; Grant Withers and Odette Myrtil.", "war    entity is a 1949 American western directed by George Waggner.", "music    entity is a song by the rock music group Electric Light Orchestra released as a single from their 1986 album Balance of Power. The single reached number 28 in the United Kingdom and peaked at number 18 on the Billboard singles chart, making it their 20th and final Top 40 hit single in the United States.", "music    entity is a song by Electric Light Orchestra from the album Balance of Power, released in 1986. The first single taken from the album, with Caught in a Trap as the B-side, it charted at No. 28 in the UK and No. 18 in the USA .", "politician    entity is the longest-serving senator from Pennsylvania, having represented the state for 30 years.", "politician    entity is an American politician, former Senior Senator from Pennsylvania in the United States Congress. Elected under the Republican banner five times between 1980 and 2004, he changed allegiance and became a member of the Democratic Party on April 28, 2009.", "city    entity is a city and the state capital of Pahang, Malaysia. It is located near the mouth of the entity River. entity is the 18th largest city in Malaysia based on 2010 population, and the largest city in the East Coast of Peninsular Malaysia. The administrative centre of the state of Pahang was officially relocated to entity on 27 August 1955 from Kuala Lipis and was officiated by HRH Sultan Abu Bakar Ri'ayatuddin Al Muadzam Shah, the Sultan of Pahang.", "city    entity is the capital of Pahang State in Peninsular Malaysia. The city is located near the mouth of the entity River, at the edge of the China Sea. The city is placed halfway between Singapore and Kota Bharu. The population is estimated at 568,000. The population is 57% of Malay origin, 32% Chinese, 10% Indian.", "competition    entity is a national beauty pageant in Gabon. The pageant was established in 2001 by D\u8305fis de femmes.", "competition    entity is a female beauty contest, intended for young women inhabitants and of Gabonese nationality. The selection makes it possible to represent the country in the Miss Universe contest.", "war    entity is a 2008 spy film and the twenty-second in the James Bond series produced by Eon Productions. Directed by Marc Forster and written by Paul Haggis, Neal Purvis and Robert Wade, it is a direct sequel to Casino Royale, and the second film to star Daniel Craig as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. The film also stars Olga Kurylenko, Mathieu Amalric, Gemma Arterton, Jeffrey Wright, and Judi Dench. In the film, Bond seeks revenge for the death of his lover, Vesper Lynd, and is assisted by Camille Montes, who is coincidentally seeking to avenge the murder of her own family. The trail eventually leads them to wealthy businessman Dominic Greene, a member of the Quantum organisation, which intends to stage a coup d'\u00e9tat in Bolivia to seize control of the country's water supply.", "war    entity is a British-American spy film directed by Marc Forster and released in 2008. It is the 22nd installment in the James Bond film series produced by EON Productions. composing the collection of Ian Fleming's Good kisses from Paris.", "music    entity is an album by American musician Frank Zappa, released in October 1984 by Barking Pumpkin Records.", "music    entity is a rock album by Frank Zappa released in October 1984. It was Frank Zappa's last studio album with a rock band. Them and Us is marked by the presence of Steve Vai who signs the solos of Ya Hozna, Stevie's Spanking and the rewriting of Sinister Footwear II and Marqueson's Chicken.", "movie    entity is a documentary film maker from Togo.", "movie    entity is a Togolese documentary filmmaker.", "actor    entity was a French soldier and member of the French Resistance during World War II.", "actor    entity was a French soldier and member of the resistance during the Second World War.", "singer    entity is a Norwegian trumpet soloist specializing in classical repertoire.", "singer    entity is a Norwegian solo trumpet player, specializing in the classical repertoire. Helseth began playing the trumpet at the age of 7 and studied at the Barratt Due Institute of Music in Oslo.", "music    entity is a song by the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, taken from their tenth studio album I'm with You . It is the album's third single and the music video was released on January 25, 2012. On the band's website, however, it leaked a day early. The song is available for download on iTunes and a two track promo single was released, but no other info on a proper CD single has been released.", "music    entity is the fourth single in Brazil and third single by the Red Hot Chili Peppers from their album I'm with You. It was released digitally via download and as a promotional single in the UK which contains the album version of the song and a slightly edited version for radio.", "sportsman    entity is a Swedish former professional ice hockey player. He spent 18 seasons in the National Hockey League , 17 with the Ottawa Senators and his 18th with the Detroit Red Wings.", "sportsman    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He was the Senators captain from 1999 to 2013.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by Midnight Oil that was released on vinyl in 1982 under the Columbia Records label. It peaked at No. 3 on the Australian Kent Music Report Albums Chart and remained on the chart for 171 weeks. It also became the band's first album to chart on the US Billboard 200, where it peaked at number 178. At the 1982 Countdown Music Awards, the album was nominated for Best Australian Album.", "music    entity is an album by Midnight Oil. Released on vinyl in 1982, this is their fourth studio album. The album was boycotted several times on its release because of its very committed lyrics against American nuclear power, the idleness of their Australian compatriots, the war, etc. and the group's refusal to change them. US Forces, Short Memory or Power & The Passion have become classics of the group.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by American hard rock band Kiss, released on May 20, 1980, although by the previous album, Anton Fig had already replaced long-time original drummer Peter Criss except on the track \u201cDirty Livin'\u201d, written and played by Criss. This is the first album to not have any featuring of Peter. Despite having no involvement around its production, Peter is still credited on drums even though Anton Fig was actually the one responsible, remaining uncredited.", "music    entity is the 8th studio album by the group Kiss, released in 1980 under Casablanca Records. This album is the last of the band's original lineup, although Criss had no involvement whatsoever in its making or recording. As on the previous album, Dynasty, Anton Fig performed all the drum parts.", "actor    entity is especially remembered for initiating diplomacy with the Soviet Union, which resulted in legitimizing the Hebrew language in the USSR, and contributed to Soviet Jews being legally able to practice their own religion, as well as emigrate to Israel.", "actor    entity is a Canadian-American businessman. He is a member of the Bronfman family.", "music    entity is a song by the German electronic music band Kraftwerk. It was released in May 1976 as the lead and only single from their fifth studio album, Radio-Activity . The song was a commercial success in France, but was not as successful in other countries as Kraftwerk's previous hit single \"Autobahn\".", "music    entity is a song written by Ralf H\u00fctter, Florian Schneider and Emil Schult, and recorded by the electronic music group of which they are members, Kraftwerk, as the title track of their album Radio-Activity. European countries and the United States, and was seventh on the charts in France, where it was certified gold in 1976. It was re-recorded in 1991 for the album The Mix.", "music    entity is a song written by Bob Dylan that appears on his 1966 album Blonde on Blonde. The album version also appears on 1971's Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. II. An early studio take, done in a faster tempo, was released on The Bootleg Series Vol. 7: No Direction Home: The Soundtrack in 2005. As the recording indicates, Dylan had difficulty fitting the words to the tempo, and evidently this led to its rearrangement, as heard on Blonde on Blonde, in a more \"rock\"-oriented 4/4 time.", "music    entity is a Bob Dylan song from the 1966 album Blonde on Blonde.", "movie    entity is frequently cited as one of the greatest filmmakers in cinematic history. His films, almost all of which are adaptations of novels or short stories, cover a wide range of genres and are noted for their realism, dark humor, unique cinematography, extensive set designs, and evocative use of music.", "movie    entity is an American director, photographer, screenwriter and producer born July 26, 1928 in New York City, Manhattan, and died March 7, 1999 in his Childwickbury mansion, between St Albans and Harpenden. photography, Kubrick, self-taught, will also be his own director of photography, producer, screenwriter or even editor.", "war    entity is a 1998 American action drama film directed, produced and written by Randall Wallace, and starring Leonardo DiCaprio in a dual role as the title character and villain, Jeremy Irons as Aramis, John Malkovich as Athos, G\u00e9rard Depardieu as Porthos and Gabriel Byrne as D'Artagnan. The picture uses characters from Alexandre Dumas's D'Artagnan Romances and is very loosely adapted from some plot elements of his 1847-1850 novel The Vicomte de Bragelonne.", "war    entity is a 1998 American-British swashbuckling film by Randall Wallace.", "island    entity is a state on the east coast of Australia. It borders three other states, Queensland to the north, Victoria to the south, and South Australia to the west. Its coast borders the Coral and Tasman Seas to the east. The Australian Capital Territory is an enclave within the state. entity' state capital is Sydney, which is also Australia's most populous city. In June 2020, the population of entity was over 8.1 million, making it Australia's most populous state. Just under two-thirds of the state's population, 5.3 million, live in the Greater Sydney area. The demonym for inhabitants of entity is New South Welshmen.", "island    entity is Australia's most populous state. It is located in the southeast of the main island and shares borders with Queensland to the north, South Australia to the west and Victoria to the south. It is bordered by the Tasman Sea to the east.", "war    entity is an album by American rapper 2Pac, released in 2003 by Death Row Records. The album includes several songs from All Eyez on Me, The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory and Thug Life: Volume 1.", "war    entity is a posthumous album by 2Pac released in 2003. The album includes songs from All Eyez on Me, The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory, Thug Life: Volume 1.", "music    entity is an American singer, songwriter and actor. Jonas began acting in theater at the age of seven, and released his debut single in 2002 which caught the attention of Columbia Records where Jonas formed a band with his older brothers, Kevin and Joe, known as the Jonas Brothers. The group released their debut studio album It's About Time through the Columbia label in 2006. After leaving Columbia Records and signing with Hollywood Records, the group released their self-titled second studio album in 2007, which became their breakthrough record. The band became prominent figures on the Disney Channel during this time, gaining a large following through the network and they appeared in the widely successful musical television film Camp Rock and", "music    entity is a singer-songwriter and actor, who became known through the television series Jonas featuring the group Jonas Brothers to which he belongs with his brothers Joe and Kevin.", "music    entity is an English electronic music project. The group was formed in the early 1990s as a project of former Napalm Death members Mick Harris and Nic Bullen. Bullen left the group in 1995 and the project continued on until the end of 2011, as an essentially solo project for Harris. Harris restarted the project in 2019.", "music    entity was the group of Mick Harris, former drummer of Napalm Death, founded in 1991 and stopped in 2011. The group produced experimental music called Indus using a rhythmic base borrowed from Dub. Mick Harris participated in the famous show of Marry Anne Hobs on Radio 1 on March 13, 2008.", "music    entity is a song by English rock musician Billy Idol. The title track of his 1983 album of the same name, it was first released as the album's lead single on 24 October 1983. It charted outside the UK Top 40, but a re-issue of the single in 1985 reached No. 6. In the US, it peaked at No. 46. The song was named the 79th best hard rock song of all time by VH1 based on a public voting in 2009, although the song did not show up in a revised list from 2013.", "music    entity is a song by Billy Idol taken from the album entity and released in February 1983.", "war    entity is the third full-length studio album by Swedish death metal band Amon Amarth. It was released on 8 May 2001, through Metal Blade Records. The album was also released on the Double LP and Picture LP versions on 29 June 2007, which were hand-counted and limited to only 500 copies. A deluxe edition was released in 2009 that featured the album remastered by Jens Bogren, and a bonus CD of the original album played live in its entirety in Bochum, Germany.", "war    entity is the third studio album by melodic death metal band Amon Amarth, released on May 8, 2001 through Metal Blade Records.", "mountain    entity is a mountain peak of the Bernese Alps in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland. The summit of the mountain is 2,362 metres in elevation. It overlooks Lake Thun, in the Bernese Oberland region, and forms the northern end of a ridge that stretches north from the Albristhorn and Mannliflue, separating the Simmental and Kandertal valleys.", "mountain    entity is a summit of the Bernese Alps in Switzerland which culminates at 2,362 meters above sea level. It is characterized by an almost perfect pyramid shape. It lies to the south of Lake Thun and when the sun is in the south, its special shadow casts over the lake and the plain.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Gostynin, which lies 107 kilometres west of Warsaw. The county covers an area of 615.56 square kilometres . As of 2019 its total population is 43,099, out of which the population of Gostynin is 18,588, and the rural population is 24,511.", "city    entity is a powiat in Mazovia Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, following the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. The administrative seat of the powiat is the town of Gostynin, which lies 107 kilometers west of Warsaw, the capital of Poland. Gostynin is the only town in the powiat. The district covers an area of \u200b\u200b615.56 square kilometers.", "music    entity is a song by American singer and songwriter Bruno Mars from his debut studio album, Doo-Wops & Hooligans . The pop ballad, was written and produced by the Smeezingtons with additional songwriting by Brody Brown, Claude Kelly, and Andrew Wyatt. The song was developed from an unreleased track with similar lyrical themes played by record producer Benny Blanco to Mars. entity was completely rearranged and re\u2011recorded two days before the album's release. The lyrics carry a message of unrequited love and how Mars's heart was broken, despite his best efforts to show her his love. Elektra Records released the song as the second promotional single and as the second official single, to contemporary hit and rhythmic contemporary stations in the", "music    entity is a song by singer Bruno Mars. It is taken from his first studio album Doo-Wops & Hooligans. This is the second official single from this album.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve on 12 June 1983. The race, contested over 70 laps, was the eighth race of the 1983 FIA Formula One World Championship and was won from pole position by Ren\u00e9 Arnoux, driving a Ferrari. Eddie Cheever finished second in a Renault, with Arnoux's teammate Patrick Tambay third.", "competition    Results of the 1983 Formula 1 Canadian Grand Prix which took place on the Gilles-Villeneuve circuit on June 12th.", "music    entity is a ballad by British rock band Dire Straits, the closing track on their fifth studio album of the same name, released on 14 October 1985. It was written in 1982, the year of Britain's involvement in the Falklands War. In 2007, the 25th anniversary of the war, Knopfler recorded a new version of the song at Abbey Road Studios to raise funds for British veterans who he said \"are still suffering from the effects of that conflict.\" entity has become a favourite at military funerals.", "music    entity is a track by rock band Dire Straits, composed by Mark Knopfler. This track is the last from the album entity released in 1985. It was the second single from the album after Money for Nothing. entity is quite different from the other songs of the group, more calm and hovering, it has also ended some Dire Straits concerts such as the live On the Night.", "sportsman    entity is a Gambian football defender. Lamin Samateh plays usually as central defender, although he can also play as right-back. While playing in his home country, he was known by the nickname of Gunman. He came to Zagreb in January 2011 during the 2010\u201311 Prva HNL winter break, signed from Gambian Championnat National D1 club Steve Biko FC, which ended up relegated. For the rest of the season, he made 7 league appearances scoring one goal, with Lokomotiva in the 2010\u201311 season.", "sportsman    entity is a Gambian international footballer born June 26, 1992 in Kiang Keneba. He plays as a defender with the Olympic Club of Medenine.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, and children's author. She rose to fame in the 1970s with a string of hit records; her 13 Top 40 U.S. hits include \"Anticipation\" , \"Haven't Got Time for the Pain\" , \"Attitude Dancing\" , \"You Belong to Me\" , \"Coming Around Again\" , and her four Gold-certified singles \"You're So Vain\" , \"Mockingbird\" , \"Nobody Does It Better\" from the 1977 James Bond film The Spy Who Loved Me, and \"Jesse\" . She has authored five children's books, as well as two memoirs.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter and actress born June 25, 1945 in New York, New York, United States. His biggest hit in the music business is You're So Vain. She also had a huge hit with Nobody Does It Better, the theme song for The Spy Who Loved Me. In 1972 she received the Grammy Award for Best New Artist.", "actor    entity was an American zoologist and parasitologist From 1920 through 1936 entity was a zoologist for the USDA's Bureau of Animal Industry , where she gained prominence as a world authority on the parasites of poultry. She eventually became the BAI's head scientist for the investigation of parasites in poultry and game birds. In 1936, Cram took a position at the Zoology Lab of the National Institute of Health.", "actor    entity is an American zoologist and parasitologist specializing in nematodes.", "city    entity is one of the seventy-Seven districts of Nepal, a landlocked country of South Asia. The district, with Sindhulimadhi Kamalamai as its district headquarters and covers an area of 2,491 km2 . In 2001, it had a population of 279,821, in 2011 the population was 296,192.", "city    entity is one of the 75 districts of Nepal. It is attached to the Janakpur area and the Center development region. The population of the district stood at 296,192 in 2011.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotu\u0144, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres south-west of Kotu\u0144, 22 km west of Siedlce, and 67 km east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 140.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Kotu \u0144 in the county of Siedlce in the Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "war    entity is a 4X turn-based strategy video game developed and published by Dutch developer Triumph Studios. It is the fourth game in the Age of Wonders series, following Age of Wonders, Age of Wonders II: The Wizard's Throne and Age of Wonders: Shadow Magic released in 1999, 2002, and 2003 respectively. It was released on March 31, 2014 through digital distribution, as well as through retail in select territories for Microsoft Windows. A port to Linux and OS X was released on April 14, 2015.", "war    entity is a turn-based strategy video game developed and published by Triumph Studios. It was released on March 31, 2014. It is the newest game in the Age of Wonders series.", "army    entity was a German infantry division in World War II. They formed on August 1939 as part of the 4. Welle . The division was destroyed at Vitebsk in June 1944 during Operation Bagration. The remnants of the division formed Divisions-Gruppe 256 which was assigned to Korps-Abteilung H.", "army    entity was one of the infantry divisions of the German army during World War II.", "music    entity is a Grammy Award-winning song by American alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins. It is the first full-band song released as a single by the Smashing Pumpkins in the aftermath of their 1995 album, Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness. It is their first release with drummer Matt Walker, who later drummed on several tracks of Adore and all of James Iha's Let It Come Down. The song reached the top 10 in eight countries and won the Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance.", "music    entity is a single by American rock band The Smashing Pumpkins, composed for the Batman and Robin movie soundtrack. The EP was released in two editions: the first with different instrumental versions of the track and then a second including various remixes. The single won the 1998 Grammy Awards for Best Hard Rock Performance.", "music    entity is a Candan Er\u83bdetin album. It features remixes of songs from her album entitled Melek. There's also a song from \"Les Choristes\" movie, 'Sevdim Anlad\u8c0bm'.", "music    entity is an album composed of remixed songs from the album Melek by Candan Er\u00e7etin, and the Turkish version of Vois sur ton chemin, Sevdim Anlad \u0131m or Candan is accompanied by the Ku \u015f tepe \u00c7ocuk Korosu.", "music    entity is a collaboration between Elvis Costello and Burt Bacharach. It was released 29 September 1998 on Mercury Records, a division of Universal Music Group. The collaboration commenced with \"God Give Me Strength\", a commission for the 1996 film Grace of My Heart, directed by Allison Anders, starring Illeana Douglas, with lead vocals by Kristen Vigard. Apparently pleased with the result, the pair expanded the project to this full album, the first for Costello after an absence of two years, and for Bacharach after an absence of 21 years. Lyrics and music are co-credited to both Bacharach and Costello. In his 2015 autobiography, Unfaithful Music and Disappearing Ink, Costello wrote, \"To have written a song like \"God Give Me Strength\" and simply stopped would have been ridiculo", "music    entity is an album by Elvis Costello and famous 60s pop songwriter Burt Bacharach. Their collaboration began on God Give Me Strength, a song commissioned for the film Grace of My Heart, directed by Allison Anders and to which participates Illeana Douglas. Appreciating the result, the duo expanded the project to create a full album, the first for Costello after two years, and for Bacharach after a 21-year absence.", "city    entity is one of the 20 regions of Italy, and one of five autonomous regions with special statute. The regional capital is Trieste. The name used to be hyphenated as Friuli-Venezia Giulia until 2001. The region is called Fri\u00fbl Vignesie Julie in Friulian, Furlanija Julijska krajina in Slovene and Friaul Julisch Venetien in German, three languages spoken in the region. The city of Venice is not in this region, despite the name.", "city    entity is an autonomous region in northern Italy, with a population of 1.2 million and an area of \u200b\u200b7,845 km2. Its capital is Trieste.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode. It was released on 24 September 1984 by Mute Records. The album peaked at number five in the United Kingdom and number 51 in the United States, and was supported by the entity Tour.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by English band Depeche Mode, released in the fall of 1984.", "music    entity is a genre of small-combo jazz that evolved in the early-to-mid-1960s.", "music    entity is a term designating a form of jazz practiced by small ensembles and which developed during the first half of the 1960s. Miles Davis, Bill Evans, Charles Mingus and Herbie Hancock.", "island    entity is one of the two autonomous regions of Portugal, the other being the Azores. It is an archipelago situated in the North Atlantic Ocean, in a region known as Macaronesia, just under 400 kilometres to the north of the Canary Islands and 520 kilometres west of Morocco. Madeira is geologically located on the African Tectonic Plate, though the archipelago is culturally, economically and politically European. Its total population was estimated in 2021 at 251,060. The capital of Madeira is Funchal, which is located on the main island's south coast.", "island    entity is an archipelago of Portugal consisting of the island of the same name and several other small islands, located in the Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Morocco. It constitutes an autonomous region under the name of autonomous region of entity , of which Funchal is the capital. Its subtropical climate and unique landscapes make it a popular tourist destination.", "body of water    entity is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, and a left hand tributary of the Rhine. It flows through the largest German wine region, Rheinhessen . It rises near the village of Orbis in the county of Donnersbergkreis, crosses the border from the Palatinate into Rhenish Hesse and after about 8 kilometres the town of Alzey in the Alzey-Worms district. There the river passes a pond, and disappears underground, flowing through ditches under the town. On its way it passes through Gau-Odernheim, Nieder-Olm and Ingelheim, before finally discharging into the Rhine in , a district of Ingelheim.", "body of water    entity is a tributary of the Rhine, located in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany. Its length is about 63 km. The surface of its catchment area is 389 km2.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Tutin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 57 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Tutin, district of Ra\u0161ka. At the 2011 census, it had 53 inhabitants.", "war    entity is the second role-playing video game in the Ultima series, and the second installment in Ultima's \"Age of Darkness\" trilogy. It was also the only official Ultima game published by Sierra On-Line. Conflict with Sierra over royalties for the IBM port of this game led the series creator Richard Garriott to start his own company, Origin Systems.", "war    entity is a computer role-playing game, developed by Richard Garriott and published by Sierra On-Line in 1982. The game is the second in the Ultima role-playing game series.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 23 August 2015 at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Spa, Belgium. It was the eleventh round of the 2015 Formula One season, and the 71st Belgian Grand Prix. The race was celebrated by Scuderia Ferrari as their 900th Grand Prix participation. McLaren was handed a record 105-place grid penalty for a multitude of changes to their Honda power units.", "competition    entity is the 928th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950. It is the seventieth edition of the Grand Prix de Belgium counting for the Formula 1 world championship, and the twelfth round of the 2015 championship.", "singer    entity was a German trance/hardstyle producer and DJ, known for the trance compilations D.Trance.", "singer    entity is a German producer and disc jockey mainly oriented techno, trance, and hardstyle. In 1996, he finished with a total of five studio albums distributed. It became popular in particular thanks to the publication of the famous series of musical compilations D.Trance.", "music    entity is a song recorded American singer Jennifer Paige. The teen pop song was written by Andy Goldmark, Mark Mueller, Berny Cosgrove and Kevin Clark. It was released as the first single from her debut album, Jennifer Paige. The music video for entity was produced by Kati Haberstok and directed by David Hogan.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Jennifer Paige released on June 16, 1998. It is the first single from her debut studio album Jennifer Paige, released the same year. The song was written by Andy Goldmark, Mark Mueller, Berny Cosgrove, Kevin Clark and produced by Andy Goldmark, Jimmy Bralower. The music video is produced by Kati Haberstok and directed by David Hogan.", "school    entity is a 2000 American science fiction black comedy film directed by Peter Segal. It is a sequel to the 1996 film The Nutty Professor. In contrast to the previous film, subplots which are centered on the parents of protagonist Sherman Klump occupy a substantial part of the film. Members of the Klump family, including Sherman's parents, also provide an increased level of comic relief.", "school    entity is a 2000 American film directed by Peter Segal. It is the sequel to The Crazy Professor.", "singer    entity is a French musician, record producer, singer, songwriter, DJ, and film director. He was one half of the French house music duo Daft Punk, along with Thomas Bangalter. He has also produced several works from his record label Crydamoure with label co-owner \u00c9ric Chedeville.", "singer    entity is a French musician, who founded, with Thomas Bangalter, the electronic music duo Daft Punk in 1993.", "army    entity was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence, and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. Linzee entered the navy and was promoted to lieutenant during the Seven Years' War. He was advanced to his own commands shortly before the outbreak of the American War of Independence and served off the North American coast and in the Caribbean during that conflict. He saw important service against privateers as a frigate captain before advancing to command a ship of the line despite the loss of one of his ships. He saw action in several important battles, commanding a ship at the Battle of the Saintes and at the Battle of the Mona Passage. Left without a ship after the peace, he briefly commissioned a ship during the S", "army    entity was an officer in the Royal Navy. He took part in the Seven Years' War, the American War of Independence, the Revolutionary Wars French and the Napoleonic wars.", "body of water    entity is a dry salt lake with little to no vegetation located in the Far North region of South Australia. The 160-square-kilometre lake is situated approximately 120 kilometres southwest of Cameron Corner, the junction of South Australia, Queensland and New South Wales. It is also known as Lake Mulligan.", "body of water    entity is a dry lake in South Australia.", "video game    entity is a Danish video game developer based in Copenhagen, best known for creating and developing the Hitman and Kane and Lynch franchises. IO Interactive's most recent game is Hitman 3, which was released in January 2021.", "video game    entity is a Danish video game development company founded in September 1998 and located in Copenhagen. She is best known for being the originator of the Hitman series.", "actor    entity is an American filmmaker and actress. The youngest child and only daughter of filmmakers Eleanor and Francis Ford Coppola, she made her film debut as an infant in her father's acclaimed crime drama film, The Godfather . Coppola later appeared in several music videos, as well as a supporting role in Peggy Sue Got Married . Coppola then portrayed Mary Corleone, the daughter of Michael Corleone, in The Godfather Part III . After her performance drew criticism, she turned her attention to filmmaking.", "actor    entity is an American director, actress, producer and screenwriter. She is the daughter of Francis Ford Coppola.", "music    entity is the eleventh studio album by Irish band Thin Lizzy, released in 1981. Though not his first appearance, this was the first album in which keyboard player Darren Wharton was credited as a permanent member, becoming the fifth member of the line-up. As such, he made a contribution as a songwriter on the opening track \"Angel of Death\". However, even though he had officially joined the band, his picture was omitted from the album sleeve.", "music    entity is the 11th studio album by Irish band Thin Lizzy. It was recorded in 1981 in London and the Bahamas and produced by the band and Chris Tsangarides. The latter had just produced the group Tygers of Pan Tang where John Sykes officiated, so he will not be a stranger to the arrival of this one to replace Snowy White.", "actor    entity was a lieutenant general in the United States Army and the first director of the National Security Agency.", "actor    entity was an American lieutenant general who served as the first director of the National Security Agency.", "competition    entity is in Italy and several non-championship Formula One races and the 1980 Italian Grand Prix had previously been held at the circuit. The Acque-Minerali chicane had been widened from the year before and was faster; the chicane in its original narrow configuration in 1980 was unpopular with drivers because it was very slow.", "competition    entity is \u200b\u200bthe 346th Formula 1 race run since 1950 and the fourth round of the 1981 championship. It is the first Grand Prix named after the Republic of San Marino, the third smallest European state . It was raced on the Dino and Enzo Ferrari circuit, in the small Italian town of Imola, in Emilia-Romagna, near the Apennine Mountains, on May 3, 1981.", "music    entity is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kid Cudi, released on March 14, 2013, as the third official single from his third studio album Indicud . The song, produced by Cudi himself, samples \"Congratulations\", as performed by MGMT, with whom Cudi had collaborated on his 2010 single \"Pursuit of Happiness\". On March 26, 2013, Cudi appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live! and performed entity, as well as \"Just What I Am\", on the late-night talk show.", "music    entity is a song by Kid Cudi released in 2013. It is the 2nd single from the album Indicud. It was released on iTunes on March 14, 2013.", "music    entity is a song by Yoko Ono from the album Double Fantasy with John Lennon.", "music    entity is a song by Yoko Ono and John Lennon first released in 1980 on their Double Fantasy album. A reworked version, giving more of Lennon's vocals and less of Ono's, was released as a single in 1984. It is Lennon's only single to fail to chart on the either side of the Atlantic.", "video game    entity is a home video game console officially released by Atari Corporation in 1986 as the successor to both the Atari 2600 and Atari 5200. It can run almost all Atari 2600 cartridges, making it the first console with backward compatibility. It shipped with a different model of joystick from the 2600-standard CX40 and Pole Position II as the pack-in game. Most of the announced titles at launch were ports of 1980\u201383 arcade games.", "video game    entity is an Atari home console released in 1986.", "competition    entity was the ninth race of the 2009 Formula One season. It was held on 12 July 2009 at the N\u00fcrburgring in N\u00fcrburg, Germany; the earliest German Grand Prix on the calendar , since 1926.", "competition    entity is the 812th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950 and the ninth round of the 2009 championship.", "war    entity is a French spy thriller film directed by Yves Boisset about a sleeper agent in Zurich, based on the thriller Chance Awakening by George Markstein. This film was first supposed to be directed by Andrzej \u5455u\u8242awski, but in the end it was Yves Boisset who did it. This was the second time that Yves Boisset worked together with Ennio Morricone, after their 1972 film Plot.", "war    entity is a Franco-Swiss film directed by Yves Boisset, released in 1982.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper ASAP Rocky. It was released on January 15, 2013, by ASAP Worldwide, Polo Grounds Music, and RCA Records. The album features guest appearances from Kendrick Lamar, Schoolboy Q, 2 Chainz, Drake, Big K.R.I.T., Santigold, Overdoz, Yelawolf, Florence Welch, Danny Brown, Action Bronson, Joey Badass, Gunplay, and ASAP Ferg. The album's production was handled by Rocky himself , Hector Delgado, Hit-Boy, Clams Casino, Jim Jonsin, T-Minus, Danger Mouse, 40, Skrillex, and Emile Haynie, among other high-profile producers.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper A$AP Rocky, released on January 15, 2013.", "movie    entity was an American motion picture production and distribution company. It was founded in 1917 as First National Exhibitors' Circuit, Inc., an association of independent theatre owners in the United States, and became the country's largest theater chain. Expanding from exhibiting movies to distributing them, the company reincorporated in 1919 as Associated First National Theatres, Inc., and Associated entity, Inc. In 1924 it expanded to become a motion picture production company as entity, Inc., and became an important studio in the film industry. In September 1928, control of First National passed to Warner Bros., into which it was completely absorbed on November 4, 1929. A number of Warner Bros. films were thereafter branded First Nat", "movie    entity was an association of movie theater owners in the United States. This association was intended to expand film distribution and eventually produce films. First National was founded in 1917 by 26 American movie theater owners, some of them with over 600 screens. First National was promoted by Thomas L.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by French rock group Zebda. It was released in 2002 and produced by Zebda and Nicholas Sansano.After the success the band met with its previous album, Essence ordinaire, and especially with the song \"Tomber la chemise\", it feared it would be turned into a commercial band and so decided to put more focus on the lyrics in this album while still keeping the same music that the fans were used to. In Utopie d'occase the songs, written as usual by Magyd Cherfi, evoke such themes as immigration, racism, violence, poverty and social injustice.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by French rock band Zebda, released on August 27, 2002.", "actor    entity was a Scottish-Canadian short story writer and novelist.", "actor    entity was a British-Canadian writer and novelist. He sometimes uses the pseudonym Luke Sharp.", "music    entity is a 1989 album recorded by French singer-songwriter Jean-Jacques Goldman. It was his second live album and his seventh album overall. It was recorded during the singer's tour 1988, between March and December, in various countries . The album was released on 13 March 1989 and spawned two singles which achieved success in France : \"Il changeait la vie\" , which preceded the album's release, and \"Peur de rien blues\" . The album was successful on the French chart.", "music    entity is Jean-Jacques Goldman's 1988 and 1989 tour album released on March 13, 1989. It was recorded between March and December 1988, in different cities. Two singles were extracted from it: He changed life and Fear of nothing blues. They both achieved notable success. The album ranked No. 1 on the French Top Albums.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American hip hop recording artist The Game, released on November 14, 2006, through The Black Wall Street Records and Geffen Records. The album is his second major-label release, following 2005's The Documentary, which was released on Aftermath/G-Unit. Due to his disputes with 50 Cent, Game left Aftermath/G-Unit and signed with Geffen Records, another label under Universal Music Group's Interscope-Geffen-A&M division to terminate his contractual obligations with G-Unit, in the summer of 2006.", "music    entity is The Game's second studio album, released on November 14, 2006 in the United States. The album ranked #1 on the Billboard 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and sold three million copies around the world.", "language    entity is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 112 games in the National Hockey League, all with the Boston Bruins. He had at least a point in his first 14 NHL games, which stood as the NHL record for longest point streak from the beginning of a career, until November 16, 2007, when Evgeni Malkin surpassed this milestone, scoring at least one point in each of his first 15 games. This streak lasted from October 8 to November 12, 1992 during which time he scored 12 goals and 10 assists.", "language    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player turned coach. He played as a winger.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Spa-Francorchamps on 26 August 1990. It was the eleventh race of the 1990 Formula One World Championship. The race was the 48th Belgian Grand Prix. It was the 36th to be held at Spa-Francorchamps and the seventh since the circuit was extensively redeveloped in 1979. The race was held over 44 laps of the seven kilometre circuit for a race distance of 301 kilometres. The Onyx team pulled out of Formula One before the weekend of the race, for financial reasons, having competed at this level for a season and a half.", "competition    Results of the 1990 Formula 1 Belgian Grand Prix which took place at the Spa-Francorchamps circuit on August 26th.", "music    entity is the first solo release by Black Milk, a rapper and hip hop producer from Detroit, Michigan. He had previously released material as part of the hip hop production group, B.R. Gunna, along with Young RJ and Fat Ray.", "music    entity is Black Milk's debut studio album, released on October 14, 2005.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Chris Brown, released as the fourth single from his sixth studio album X . The song was produced by Nic Nac and Mark Kragen and features a guest appearance from fellow rapper Lil Wayne and another rapper depending on the version. French Montana and Too Short feature on the East and West Coast version respectively while Tyga features on the video and album version. The song was written by Brown, Wayne, Bobby Brackins and Ty Dolla Sign, as well as different interpolative-credited artists, varying for each respective version. entity peaked at number nine on the US Billboard Hot 100. It stayed on the chart for 36 weeks. The song was promoted with performances by Brown and Lil Wayne at the BET Awards 2014, Summer Jam, 2014 Soul Train Music Awards, and", "music    entity is a song by American singer Chris Brown released on December 19, 2013 in digital format as the 4th single from his 6th album X. The song was produced by Nic Nac and features Lil Wayne and Tyga, French Montana or Too Short depending on the version of the single.", "music    entity is the fifth album by American singer-songwriter Jackson Browne. Featuring songs themed around life on the road, the entire album was recorded on tour, either live on stage, or in locations associated with touring, such as backstage, on tour buses, or in hotel rooms. Released in 1977, the album reached No. 3 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart in 1978 and stayed on the charts for 65 weeks. The single for the title track, \"entity\", peaked at No. 11 and the follow-up single, \"The Load-Out\"/\"Stay\", reached No. 20 on the Billboard Pop Singles chart.", "music    entity is the 5th solo album by American rock singer-songwriter Jackson Browne. It is Jackson Browne's biggest commercial success, the album was No. 3 on the Billboard Pop-Rock chart in 1977.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional football club based in Krasnodar that plays in the Russian Premier League. The club was founded in 2008. In 2009, the club was promoted to the Russian First Division, the second highest division of the Russian football league system, despite finishing Zone South of Second Division in third. At the end of the 2010 season, they were promoted to the Russian Premier League for the 2011 season, despite finishing fifth in the first division.", "sports team    entity is a Russian football club based in Krasnodar.", "music    entity is a power ballad by Canadian singer-songwriter Bryan Adams. Written by Adams, Michael Kamen, and Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange, it was the lead single for both the soundtrack album from the 1991 film Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves, and Adams's sixth studio album, Waking Up the Neighbours .", "music    entity is a song co-written and performed by Bryan Adams. It is featured on his album Waking Up the Neighbors and on the soundtrack of the film Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves. Huge international success, it remained several weeks number one in the United States and in other countries. The song won a Grammy Award in 1992 and was nominated for a film Oscar. It has been covered by many singers like Brandy.", "music    entity is a music genre characterized by loose and lengthy song structures centered on instrumental textures that typically produce a hypnotic, otherworldly sound. It may feature distorted and reverberation-laden guitars, minimal drumming, languid vocals, synthesizers and lyrical themes of outer space and science fiction.", "music    entity is less sophisticated than progressive rock, offers more mature and less experimental music than psychedelic rock. It is based on hovering atmospheres and on powerful and effective rhythms associated with repetitive musical motifs.", "war    entity is a 1999 French drama film directed by the Chilean filmmaker Ra\u00fal Ruiz. It is an adaptation of the 1927 final volume of the seven-volume series In Search of Lost Time by Marcel Proust. The plot is about the anonymous narrator of In Search of Lost Time who reflects on his past experiences while lying on his deathbed. The film was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.", "war    entity is a Franco-Italian-Portuguese film directed by Raoul Ruiz based on the homonymous novel by Marcel Proust and released in 1999.", "music    entity is a song by the Electric Light Orchestra . It was used in the 1980 feature film Xanadu in an animated sequence by Don Bluth and appears on the Xanadu soundtrack album. It was the last single released from the album. The song was also used in the 2007 Broadway musical Xanadu. The song is written in a standard key signature of C Major and was a number 21 hit in the UK.", "music    entity is a song by Electric Light Orchestra taken from the album Xanadu, soundtrack of the film of the same name, released in 1980. Fourth and last single taken from the album, after I'm Alive, Xanadu and All Over the World she ranked 21st in the UK. Rock Portal Rock Portal Music Portal Music Portal \u2022 Song section Musicals Portal Musicals Portal", "war    entity is a 1995 American crime drama film directed by Spike Lee. It is an adaptation of the 1992 novel of the same name by Richard Price, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Lee. The film stars Harvey Keitel, John Turturro, Delroy Lindo, and Mekhi Phifer in his debut film role. Set in New York City, entity tells the story of Strike , a street-level drug dealer who becomes entangled in a murder investigation.", "war    entity is an American film directed by Spike Lee, released in 1995. It is adapted from the eponymous novel by American author Richard Price published in 1992.", "movie    entity is an Australian-South African cinematographer. Originally from Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, his family moved to Cape Town, South Africa in 1972. Dion studied cinematography at the Australian Film Television and Radio School from 1987 to 1989.", "movie    entity is an Australian cinematographer, member of the ACS and the ASC.", "video game    entity is a video game digital distribution service by Valve. It was launched as a standalone software client in September 2003 as a way for Valve to provide automatic updates for their games, and expanded to include games from third-party publishers. entity has also expanded into an online web-based and mobile digital storefront. entity offers digital rights management , server hosting, video streaming, and social networking services. It also provides the user with installation and automatic updating of games, and community features such as friends lists and groups, cloud storage, and in-game voice and chat functionality.", "video game    entity is an online content distribution, rights management and communication platform developed by Valve and available since September 12, 2003. Oriented around video games, it allows users to buy games, content for games, to update them automatically, to manage the multiplayer part of the games and offers community tools around games using entity. Since October 2012, a service has been dedicated to software.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American singer Alicia Keys. It was released on November 9, 2007 by J Records. Recording sessions for the album took place at various recording studios from 2005 until 2007. Production was handled primarily by Keys, Kerry \"Krucial\" Brothers, Jack Splash, and Linda Perry, with a guest contribution from musician John Mayer.", "music    entity is the third studio album by R'n'B singer Alicia Keys. It was released on November 13, 2007 in the United States. The album sold 5 million copies worldwide.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band Pink Floyd, written by Roger Waters and released on the band's 1972 album Obscured by Clouds.", "music    entity is a song by Pink Floyd, appearing on the album Obscured by Clouds created and recorded at the Chateau d'H\u00e9rouville near Pontoise in France in 1972. It is the eighth track on the album. Its title comes from the traditional rock and roll count \"one, two, three, four\".", "actor    entity was an American military general and aviation pioneer who received the Medal of Honor for his daring raids on Japan during World War II. He also made early coast-to-coast flights, record-breaking speed flights, won many flying races, and helped develop and flight-test instrument flying.", "actor    entity was an American pilot who pioneered the development of interwar aviation. A USAAF officer during World War II, he planned and led a daring raid in April 1942 that would bear his name, the Doolittle Raid \u2014 the first bombing of Tokyo by American forces.", "video game    entity is a platform game developed and published by Nintendo. The successor to the 1983 arcade game Mario Bros. and the first in the Super Mario series, it was released in 1985 for the Famicom in Japan. Following a limited US release for the Nintendo Entertainment System , it was ported to international arcades for the Nintendo Vs. System in early 1986. The NES version received a wide release in North America that year and in PAL regions in 1987.", "video game    entity is a platform video game developed by Nintendo released in 1985 for the Nintendo Entertainment System. This is the first game in the Super Mario series. The player controls Mario and travels through the Mushroom Kingdom in order to save Princess Peach from the clutches of Bowser, Mario's antagonist. The game is playable with two players, the first controlling Mario and the second Luigi, the brother of the latter.entity", "sportsman    entity is a retired Azerbaijani indoor volleyball player, recognized as one of the most successful volleyball players in her country. Kurt is the most capped player in the history of Azerbaijan women's national team and was the team captain from 2006 until 2015. She retired from volleyball in 2015 and works as a volleyball manager.", "sportsman    entity is an Azerbaijani volleyball player. She is 1.84m tall and plays as a setter. She totals 143 selections in the Azerbaijan team.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on 2 June 1972 by Harvest and Capitol Records. It serves as the soundtrack for the French film La Vall\u00e9e, by Barbet Schroeder. It was recorded in two sessions in France, while Pink Floyd were in the midst of touring, and produced by the band.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on June 3, 1972. It is the soundtrack to the film La Vall\u00e9e by Barbet Schroeder. The album will be ranked No. 1 in sales in France on its release, the only No. 1 and best ranking for this album.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in \u0141ask County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the village of Buczek, which lies approximately 10 kilometres south of \u0141ask and 38 km south-west of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The gmina covers an area of 90.84 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 4,893.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in the county of \u0141ask , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , in central Poland. Its seat is the village of entity, which lies about 10 km south of \u0141ask and 38 km south-west of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b90.84 km2 for a population of 4,893 inhabitants.", "actor    entity is an American actor. His film career has been built on appearances in small, independent films, though he has also appeared in action films. Macy has described himself as \"sort of a Middle American, WASPy, Lutheran kind of guy... Everyman\". Macy has won two Emmy Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards, while his performance in Fargo earned a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. From 2011 to 2021, he has played Frank Gallagher, a main character in Shameless, the Showtime adaptation of the British television series. Macy has been married to Felicity Huffman since 1997.", "actor    entity is an American actor, screenwriter, producer and director.", "war    entity is a first-person shooter video game developed by Irrational Games and published by 2K Games. It was released worldwide for the Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and OS X platforms in 2013, and a Linux port was released in 2015. Infinite is the third installment in the BioShock series, and though it is not immediately part of the storyline of previous BioShock games, it features similar gameplay concepts and themes. Irrational Games and creative director Ken Levine based the game's setting on historical events at the turn of the 20th century, such as the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition, and based the story on the concept of American exceptionalism, while also incorporating influences from more recent events at the time such as the 2011 Occupy movement.", "war    entity is a first-person adventure video game developed by Irrational Games and published by 2K Games, released on March 26, 2013 for PC, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. A version for Mac OS X was released on August 29, 2013. he plot takes place in 1912 in the floating city of Columbia.", "competition    entity was staged by the automobile club ADAC. From 1961 to 1964, non-Championship Formula One Grand Prix races were also held, in addition to previous Formula 2 and Formula Junior events.", "competition    entity is a former Formula 1 event contested outside the world championship on the Circuit de Solitude, 11.4 km long located near Stuttgart near the castle of Solitude.", "music    entity is the third studio album by the band Camel, released in 1975. The critical success of \"The White Rider\" suite inspired the group to write more novel-inspired conceptual suites.", "music    entity is the third album by British progressive rock band Camel, released in 1975. It was a hit, reaching number 22 on the British charts.", "airport    entity is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bo\u0107ki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.", "airport    entity is a village in Poland, located in Bo \u0107 ki gmina, Bielsk Podlaski County, Podlaskie Voivodeship.", "music    entity is a Delta blues song recorded by Robert Johnson in 1937. An \"upbeat boogie with a strong chorus line\", the lyrics are partly based on Johnson's experience with certain women: You know the Saturday night women, now they love to ape and clownThey won't do nothin' but tear yo' reputation downStop breakin' downPlease stop breakin' down The song shares elements with earlier blues songs and became popular largely through later interpretations by other artists, such as Sonny Boy Williamson I in 1945 and the Rolling Stones in 1972.", "music    entity is a traditional blues song recorded by Robert Johnson in 1937. Described as a \"fast boogie with a strong melody\", the song enjoyed success with numerous covers.", "sportsman    entity is a Brazilian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.", "sportsman    entity is a Brazilian international football player, who plays as a midfielder. He is currently playing with Lazio Roma in Serie A.", "sports team    entity was sold and relocated to Alberta to become the Calgary Flames.", "sports team    entity are a North American ice hockey franchise. The team played in the National Hockey League between 1972 and 1980. The club transferred to Calgary at the start of the 1980-1981 season to become the Calgary Flames.", "mountain    entity is a mountain range straddling the border of France and Spain. It extends nearly 500 km from its union with the Cantabrian Mountains to Cap de Creus on the Mediterranean coast. It reaches a maximum altitude of 3,404 metres at the peak of Aneto.", "mountain    entity are a mountain range in southwestern Europe. They extend in length in an east-west direction for an approximate distance of 430 kilometers from the Mediterranean Sea to the Bay of Biscay. Culminating at 3,404 meters above sea level at the peak of Aneto, the Pyrenees form a veritable geographical barrier separating the Iberian Peninsula to the south from the rest of continental Europe to the north.", "singer    entity is a French singer-songwriter and former fashion model. Her greatest hits include \"Je suis un homme\", \"\u00c0 ma place\" and \"Speed\". She co-produces all her albums and is noted for her playful use of language.", "singer    entity is Isabelle de Truchis de Varennes, is a French singer-songwriter born April 18, 1964 in Boulogne-Billancourt. Since her first album Je, Tu, Ils in 1992, Zazie has recorded a total of eight albums recorded in the studio, three in public, and a compilation.", "music    entity is a song written and performed by Bruce Springsteen on his fifth album, The River. It was released as the album's lead single in 1980 and became Springsteen's first big hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart peaking at number five.", "music    entity is a song written, composed and performed by Bruce Springsteen released in 1980 on the album The River . United by being number one on the Billboard Hot 100. It was used in the film Risky Business with Tom Cruise and in the film Warm Bodies in 2013.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Meurthe-et-Moselle in the Lorraine region.", "music    entity is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her second studio album A Girl like Me , and features guest vocals from Sean Paul. It was written by Donovan Bennett, Paul, K. Ford and Rihanna, while production was handled by Don Corleon. The song was released on November 13, 2006, as the album's fourth and final single. entity is a futuristic pop-dancehall and R&B song, which is layered over an electro-reggae beat.", "music    entity is a single from the album A Girl like Me by Rihanna released on November 13, 2006 under the Def Jam label. We find the collaboration of Jamaican rapper Sean Paul.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey team, based in the city of Yaroslavl, playing in the top level Kontinental Hockey League . The name of the team is derived from its owner, Russian Railways, the national railroad operator.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Yaroslavl.", "actor    entity was an English manufacturer and business partner of Scottish engineer James Watt. In the final quarter of the 18th century, the partnership installed hundreds of Boulton & Watt steam engines, which were a great advance on the state of the art, making possible the mechanisation of factories and mills. Boulton applied modern techniques to the minting of coins, striking millions of pieces for Britain and other countries, and supplying the Royal Mint with up-to-date equipment.", "actor    entity was a British industrialist and an associate of Scottish engineer James Watt. In the last quarter of the 18th century, they installed hundreds of Boulton & Watt steam engines whose performance made the mechanization of industry possible.", "sports team    entity is a Dutch sports club from Eindhoven, Netherlands, that plays in the Eredivisie, the top tier in Dutch football. It is best known for its professional football department, which has played in the Eredivisie since its inception in 1956. Along with Ajax and Feyenoord, PSV is one of the country's \"big three\" clubs that have dominated the Eredivisie.", "sports team    entity is a Dutch multi-sport club located in Eindhoven. Particularly renowned, its best-known sports section is that of football, which plays in the Dutch first division. It is one of the three biggest clubs in the country.", "royal    entity is best known as a friend of Lord Nelson and as the commander-in-chief of the Channel Fleet during the Napoleonic Wars. He is depicted in the Horatio Hornblower novel, Hornblower and the Hotspur.", "royal    entity was a British admiral in the Royal Navy.", "music    entity is a collaboration studio album by American rappers and Wu-Tang Clan members Method Man, Ghostface Killah and Raekwon, released March 30, 2010 on Def Jam Recordings. Production for the album was handled by several hip hop producers, including RZA, Allah Mathematics, Scram Jones, Emile, Ty Fyffe, BT and Digem Tracks Productions.", "music    entity is a collaborative album by Raekwon, Ghostface Killah and Method Man, all three members of the Wu-Tang Clan, released on March 30, 2010. The album was announced on the Internet by three trailers reminiscent of the movie Seven. On November 25, 2009, producer Allah Mathematics premiered the title Meth vs. Chef Part II in his radio show MathFiles. The cover is composed of the portrait of the three rappers drawn by Chris Bachalo, author of comics notably for Marvel.", "movie    entity was a French director, producer and screenwriter. In a career that lasted more than 50 years, he directed 48 films between 1913 and 1959, produced 17 between 1925 and 1967 and wrote 21 screenplays between 1916 and 1971.", "movie    entity is a screenwriter, director and producer of French cinema, born on June 9, 1895 in Paris 9th, city where he died on May 7, 1972 in the 5th arrondissement. He is the grandfather of the filmmaker J\u00e9r\u00f4me Diamant-Berger born in 1950.", "war    entity is the eighth and final title in the Wizardry series of role-playing video games by Sir-Tech Canada. It is the third in the Dark Savant trilogy, which includes Wizardry VI: Bane of the Cosmic Forge and Wizardry VII: Crusaders of the Dark Savant. It was published in 2001 by Sir-Tech, and re-released by Night Dive Studios on GOG.com and Steam in 2013.", "war    entity is a dungeon crawler video game developed and published by Sir-Tech in 2001. The game is the eighth installment in the Wizardry series and the third in the Dark Savant Trilogy which also includes Wizardry VI: Bane of the Cosmic Forge and Wizardry VII: Crusaders of the Dark Savant. Upon its release, it was well received by the specialized press and was notably voted best role-playing game of the year by Computer Gaming World magazine and the GameSpot site. Since 2001, the game is also", "actor    entity is an American actor. He is best known for his starring roles in the NBC military drama series Baa Baa Black Sheep , the NBC sitcom Night Court , the NBC sitcom The John Larroquette Show , the David E. Kelley legal drama series The Practice , the ABC legal comedy-drama series Boston Legal , and the TNT series The Librarians .", "actor    entity is an American comedian born November 25, 1947 in New Orleans. He has been married since July 4, 1975 to Elizabeth Ann Cookson.", "music    entity is the third studio album by the English progressive rock band Renaissance, released in 1972.", "music    entity is the third album by British progressive rock band Renaissance, released in 1972, and the band's first from the 'classic' line-up.", "actor    entity was an American screenwriter, one of the highest paid in the 1930s. After she and her husband John Sanford refused to testify in 1951 before the House Un-American Activities Committee, she was blacklisted for nine years and unable to get work in Hollywood. She was hired again in 1962 by Columbia Pictures.", "actor    entity was an American screenwriter .", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey club in \u00d6rnsk\u00f6ldsvik, Sweden. The team plays in Sweden's second-tier league HockeyAllsvenskan. The club was founded in March 1921 and has won two SHL championships; in 1979 and 2007. The team's home arena since 2006 is the H\u00e4gglunds Arena . Before then, the team played at Kempehallen, beginning in 1964.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey team from the city \u00d6rnsk\u00f6ldsvik in Sweden. The team plays in the Swedish elite division, the Elitserien.", "school    entity is an Australian public university, with campuses at Lismore and Coffs Harbour in northern New South Wales, and at Coolangatta, the most southern suburb of the Gold Coast in Queensland.It is ranked in the top 100 young universities in the world by the Times Higher Education World University Rankings.", "school    entity is a university in the northern half of eastern New South Wales, Australia. It is a regional university with over 14,000 students. Its main campus is in Lismore, with further campuses located in Coffs Harbor and Tweed Heads. The university is Australia's seventh largest distance learning university. It welcomes foreign students from 50 countries.", "sports team    entity is a fielding position in the infield, between second and first base. The second baseman often possesses quick hands and feet, needs the ability to get rid of the ball quickly, and must be able to make the pivot on a double play. In addition, second basemen are usually right-handed; only four left-handed throwing players have ever played second base in Major League Baseball since 1950. In the numbering system used to record defensive plays, the second baseman is assigned the number 4.", "sports team    entity is a player who occupies second of four bases in a baseball field. The main qualities required to evolve in this position are the speed of the hands and feet, the speed of the hands is necessary in order to relay the ball to the shortstop within the framework of a double play. quickness of the feet, this skill is constantly required because the second baseman must move a lot.", "war    entity is a vertical scrolling action game written by Laura Nikolich for the Atari 2600, and released in 1982 by Parker Brothers. It was both the first video game to feature entity and the first Marvel Comics based video game.", "war    entity is an action-adventure video game developed and published by Parker Brothers in 1982 on the Atari 2600. The game is based on the entity comic book. This game was the first adaptation of the Marvel Comics universe.", "music    entity is a subgenre of rock music and a genre of Americana. It developed in the Southern United States from rock and roll, country music, and blues and is focused generally on electric guitars and vocals. Author Scott B. Bomar speculates the term \"southern rock\" may have been coined in 1972 by Mo Slotin, writing for Atlanta's underground paper, The Great Speckled Bird, in a review of an Allman Brothers Band concert.", "music    entity is a genre of rock that was very popular during the 1970s.", "company    entity is a major bank in Morocco. The bank maintains overseas offices in Germany, England, Canada, Spain, France, Gibraltar, Netherlands and Belgium. The bank's name is abbreviated to BCP. As of 2012, the bank's market share of customer deposits in Morocco was 27.9 percent. This translates to customer deposits of 204.9 billion dirhams . The number of employees in the bank at the end of 2012 was 11,878.", "company    entity is a Moroccan banking and financial group \"composed of Cr\u00e9dit Populaire du Maroc, its specialized subsidiaries and its foundations\"; the Cr\u00e9dit populaire du Maroc is a group made up of the Banque centrale populaire \u2013 an institution listed on the stock exchange \u2013 and the regional Banques Populaires, in cooperative form and ten in number.", "city    entity is a village in Almaty Region of south-eastern Kazakhstan. In March 2010 at least 43 people died in Qyzylaghash as a result of a dam failure.", "city    entity is a village in the Almaty region of southeastern Kazakhstan. It was partially destroyed in the spring of 2010, before the Nowruz festivities, following the rupture of a water reservoir, killing more than 80 people. A monument in memory of the victims has since been built at the exit of the city.Kazakhstan portal Kazakhstan portal", "music    entity is the 11th studio album and the second double album by the English band XTC, released 27 February 1989 on Virgin Records. It is the follow-up to 1986's Skylarking. The title was chosen in reference to the band's poor financial standing at the time, while the music is characterised as a 1980s update of 1960s psychedelia. It received critical acclaim and became the band's highest-charting album since 1982's English Settlement, rising to number 28 in the UK and number 44 in the US.", "music    entity is the ninth album by XTC, released in February 1989. This double album notably includes the single The Mayor of Simpleton, the band's biggest hit on American soil.", "sportsman    entity was a professional footballer who was part of the Uruguayan Squad at the World Cup in Germany in 1974. He played as a midfielder.", "sportsman    entity is a Uruguayan international football player who played as a midfielder.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Bia\u0142a Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 9 kilometres south-west of Tuczna, 27 km south-east of Bia\u0142a Podlaska, and 84 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.", "airport    entity is a village in the Gmina of S\u0142awatycze in Bia\u0142a Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland, in Poland.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of I\u0142\u00f3w, which lies approximately 19 kilometres north-west of Sochaczew and 68 km west of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 128.49 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 6,342.", "city    entity is a rural municipality in the Mazovia Voivodeship and the Sochaczew County in Poland. It extends over 128.49 km2 and had 6,342 inhabitants in 2006. Its administrative seat is the village of I \u0142 \u00f3 w which is located about 19 kilometers northwest of Sochaczew and 68 kilometers very west of Warsaw.", "music    entity is the third studio album released by American punk rock band Zebrahead, it is also their final album released via Columbia Records. The woman modelling on the album cover is American model and actress Jodi Ann Paterson who was a Playboy Playmate in 1999 and named entity in 2000, of which the album refers to.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American punk rock band Zebrahead. Both singles from this album have been used in films: Now or Never in the film Little Nicky, entity in the film Eh dude! Where is my box?. The video clip of the title song exists in censored and uncensored versions. The uncensored version aired on Playboy TV and is available on DVD as a bonus feature of Playboy's Video Playmate Calendar, released in 2001.", "war    entity is a 1932 American pre-Code Western film starring Walter Huston, Harry Carey, Andy Devine, Russell Hopton and Russell Simpson. It was the first movie to depict the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, in Tombstone, Arizona.", "war    entity is an American film directed by Edward L. Cahn, released in 1932.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Mr\u0105gowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. Its seat is the village of Piecki, which lies approximately 14 kilometres south of Mr\u0105gowo and 56 km east of the regional capital Olsztyn. The gmina covers an area of 314.59 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 7,769. The gmina contains part of the protected area called Masurian Landscape Park.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in the county of Mr \u0105 gowo, Warmia-Masuria, in northern Poland. Its seat is the village of entity, which lies about 14 km south of Mr \u0105 gowo and 56 km east of the regional capital Olsztyn. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b314.59 km2 with a population of 7,769 inhabitants.", "war    entity is a Japanese light novel series by Isao Miura, with illustrations by Luna. All 16 volumes have been published by Media Factory under their MF Bunko J label. A manga adaptation by K\u014dtar\u014d Yamada started serialization in the seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive on March 27, 2009. The first tank\u014dbon was published June 23, 2009. A 12 episode anime adaptation by Manglobe studios aired from October 3, 2009 to December 19, 2009.", "war    entity is a light novel series written by Isao Miura with art by Luna. It was published between November 2007 and August 2013 by Media Factory and has been compiled into a total of sixteen volumes. The series tells the story of a young female knight, Cecily Cambell, wanting to get a katana, in a world where \"demonic pacts\" exist, and where demons are ravaging everything.", "singer    entity is a Moroccan-Swedish singer, songwriter, record producer and record executive.As a record producer and songwriter, he has worked with many high-profile recording artists, most notably Ava Max, Lady Gaga, Akon, Michael Jackson, RBD, Now United, U2, Nicki Minaj, Jennifer Lopez, Nicole Scherzinger, Gru, Cross Gene, MIKA, Pitbull, Enrique Iglesias, Shakira, Wyclef Jean, Mariah Carey, Paulina Rubio, Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, Mohombi, Inna, Khaled, Alexandra Burke, Austin Mahone, One Direction, Marc Anthony, the Band Perry, Prince Royce, Rod Stewart, Usher and Saad Lamjarred, among many others. His production discography boasts many Billboard and international hits. RedOne has established his own record label na", "singer    entity is an American music producer of Moroccan origin.", "music    entity is a song by Irish rock band Thin Lizzy, and is the fifth track on their final studio album Thunder and Lightning. It was co-written by guitarist John Sykes and Phil Lynott, and became the biggest single from the album, entering the UK charts at No. 28 , and peaking at No. 23 in Ireland. The song is known for Sykes's guitar solo, which features a tapping playing style that was becoming popular at the time of the album's release, though also used at the time by players such as Eddie Van Halen and Randy Rhoads.", "music    entity is a song by Irish rock band Thin Lizzy from the album Thunder and Lightning.", "movie    entity was a Hungarian-born British film director, producer and screenwriter, who founded his own film production studios and film distribution company.", "movie    entity was a Hungarian naturalized British director and producer, born September 16, 1893 in Pusztat\u00farp\u00e1szt\u00f3 and died January 23, 1956 in London. Founder of the production company London Film Productions, he was the one of the great craftsmen of the British film industry.", "city    entity is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak, Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "city    entity is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located in Kiseljak Municipality and Central Bosnia Canton, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Ain in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. It is located 35 kilometers from Bourg-en-Bresse and 6 kilometers from Nantua. Its inhabitants have no particular designation.", "airport    entity is a railway station located in the commune of Dommartin near Remiencourt in the Somme department, France. The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains from Paris-Nord to Amiens. The station is at km 116.573 of the Paris-Lille Line and its elevation is 47 m. The line was first opened on 20 June 1846 by the Compagnie du chemin de fer du Nord . At the time trains did not stop at entity.", "airport    entity is a French railway station on the Paris-Nord line in Lille, located on the territory of the municipality of Dommartin, near Remiencourt, in the Somme department, in the Picardy region. It has become a railway stop for the Soci\u00e9t\u00e9 Nationale des Chemins de Fer Fran\u00e7ais, served by TER Picardie trains.", "music    entity is a 1986 song recorded by French artist Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was the third single from her first studio album Cendres de lune and was released on 1 April 1986. It was particularly known for its huge music video, produced as a film and which contains explicit sexual and violent scenes. It met success on the French chart, becoming thus Farmer's first big hit. In 2002, the song was successfully covered by Belgian singer Kate Ryan, who reached the top 20 in several European countries.", "music    entity is a song performed by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. This is the third single from his first studio album, Cendres de lune, which was released at the same time. This is the singer's first real hit, which allows her to experience real success with a large audience, definitively launching her career.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Canadian singer Marie-Mai. The album was released on 28 August 2007 in Canada by Musicor and later, in France by Warner Music France, on 26 May 2008. The album was produced by Fred St-Gelais. The album was certified gold by Music Canada.", "music    entity is the second studio album by singer-songwriter Marie-Mai, released on August 28, 2007.", "music    entity is a collaborative album by Bill Laswell, David Chaim Smith and John Zorn. It was released on September 30, 2014 by Tzadik Records.", "music    entity is an album by David Chaim Smith, Bill Laswell and John Zorn. David Chaim Smith reads excerpts from his book, The Awakening Ground, backed by ambient accompaniment created by John Zorn and Bill Laswell.", "war    entity is a 1952 French language motion picture drama directed by Jean Delannoy who co-wrote the screenplay with Henri Jeanson, Roland Laudenbach and Robert Thoeren. The film stars Mich\u732ble Morgan and Jean Gabin. The music score is by Paul Misraki, Winfried Zillig and Georges Van Parys. It tells the story of a doctor, his wife and his patient, who was her former lover.", "war    entity is a Franco-Italian-Austrian film directed by Jean Delannoy and released in 1952.", "actor    entity is an American rapper. He is a member of the hip hop supergroup The HRSMN, along with Canibus, Killah Priest, and Kurupt in 2014. He is also a member of the group Golden State Warriors with Xzibit and Saafir. About.com ranked him No. 30 on their list of the Top 50 MCs of Our Time , while Pitchfork Media called him \"one of the best rappers of all time.\"", "actor    entity is an American rapper and producer. He is part of the group The HRSMN with Canibus, Killah Priest and Kurupt. He is best known in the underground world for his very controversial debut album Soul on Ice which is considered by many purists and connoisseurs as a classic.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Kesha from her first extended play , Cannibal . The song was released as the EP's lead single on October 22, 2010. It was written by Kesha, with Jacob Kasher Hindlin, Dr. Luke, Benny Blanco and Ammo. Production of the song was completed by Dr. Luke, Blanco, and Ammo. In the wake of news that bullying and harassment had led to multiple suicides of gay youth, Kesha wrote the song in hopes that it would become a pride anthem. The song is intended to inspire people to be themselves, and as a celebration of anyone deemed quirky or eccentric.", "music    entity is the 5th single from American singer Kesha, from the EP Cannibal and released on October 22, 2010. It is the first single from Cannibal.", "music    entity is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna recorded for her sixth studio album, Talk That Talk . It was co-written by Rihanna with Ester Dean, Henry Walter, John Hill and Lukasz Gottwald. Production of the song was completed by Gottwald, under his production name Dr. Luke, and Cirkut. Kuk Harrell and Marcas Tovar recorded the track at the Sofital Paris Le Laubourg, Room 538, and Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California. It premiered on US radio on November 11, 2011, and was made available to download digitally throughout Europe and Australasia on November 14, 2011. It was added to US Mainstream, rhythmic and urban radio station playlists on November 29, 2011. Throughout December 2011 and January 2012, a remix extended play was released worldwide.", "music    entity is the second single from Rihanna's sixth album, Talk That Talk. The song is written by Lukasz Gottwald, Ester Dean, John Hill and Rihanna and is produced by Dr Luke. The song was released on November 14, 2011 for legal download in the United States. Sales of the singles are estimated at 2 or 3 million copies.", "war    entity were a series of conflicts between the Achaemenid Empire and Greek city-states that started in 499 BC and lasted until 449 BC. The collision between the fractious political world of the Greeks and the enormous empire of the Persians began when Cyrus the Great conquered the Greek-inhabited region of Ionia in 547 BC. Struggling to control the independent-minded cities of Ionia, the Persians appointed tyrants to rule each of them. This would prove to be the source of much trouble for the Greeks and Persians alike.", "war    entity are triggered by the revolt of the Asian Greek cities against Persian domination, the intervention of Athens in their favor leading to reprisals.", "actor    entity was an American actor, film director, producer and screenwriter. Edwards began his career in the 1940s as an actor, but he soon began writing screenplays and radio scripts before turning to producing and directing in television and films. His best-known films include Breakfast at Tiffany's, Days of Wine and Roses, 10, Victor/Victoria, and the hugely successful Pink Panther film series with British actor Peter Sellers. Often thought of as primarily a director of comedies, he also directed several drama, musical, and detective films. Late in his career, he took up writing, producing and directing for theater.", "actor    entity is William Blake Crump, is an American actor, producer, director and screenwriter, born July 26, 1922 in Tulsa and died December 15, 2010 in Santa Monica. He is best known as the director of Diamonds on the Sofa. , The Party, Victor Victoria and the Pink Panther series starring Peter Sellers: The Pink Panther, The Return of the Pink Panther, When the Pink Panther Gets Tangled\u2026 In 2004, he received an Honorary Oscar for his entire career.", "music    entity was founded by Francis Rossi and Alan Lancaster while they were still schoolboys. After a number of lineup changes, which included the introduction of Rick Parfitt in 1967, the band became The Status Quo in 1967 and Status Quo in 1969.", "music    entity is a British boogie-hard rock band, created in 1962 in London, England. The group was originally called The Spectres, founded by college students Francis Rossi and Alan Lancaster in 1962. After a number of name changes, the group became The entity in late 1967, before permanently adopting the entity name in 1969. They recorded over 60 chart-topping hits in the UK, more than any other rock band.", "music    entity is an instrumental by Finnish DJ and record producer Darude. It was released as the lead single from his debut studio album Before the Storm. It was initially released in Finland on 26 October 1999 by 16 Inch Records and was later re-released in many other countries in 2000. The track was uploaded to MP3.com where it gained global recognition. It has also gained recognition for its usage in sports and popularity in internet meme culture. On the centenary of Finland's independence in 2017, celebrations in Helsinki included Darude as one of the main performers with his entity.", "music    entity is a single composed by Finnish producer and disc jockey Darude. It was distributed on November 15, 1999 in Finland by the 16 Inch Records label, and reissued in Sweden in 2000. entity became an internationally popular single in 2000.", "city    entity is a municipality in the Vogtlandkreis district, in Saxony, Germany. It was established in 1994 by the merger of the three villages Rothenkirchen, Wernesgr\u00fcn and Wildenau and named after the nearby entity , part of the Ore Mountains. Wernesgr\u00fcn is home of the Wernesgr\u00fcner brewery.", "city    entity is a municipality of Saxony, located in the district of Vogtland, in the district of Chemnitz.Portail of Saxony Portal of Saxony", "war    entity is a 1946 Sherlock Holmes crime drama directed by Roy William Neill and starring Basil Rathbone and Nigel Bruce. The story revolves around the theft of a famous diamond aboard a train. The film's plot is a mostly original story not directly based on any of Arthur Conan Doyle's Holmes tales, but it uses minor plot elements of \"The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle,\" \"The Adventure of the Empty House,\" \"The Disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax,\" and The Sign of Four. The film is one of four films in the series which are in the public domain.", "war    entity is a 1946 American film directed by Roy William Neill.", "music    entity is a song by Trinidadian-American rapper and singer Nicki Minaj. It serves as the seventh single from the Japanese and New Zealand versions of Minaj's debut album Pink Friday . The hip hop song's chorus is sampled from \"Dominos\", a 2009 single by British indie rock band The Big Pink. entity was originally released as an iTunes Store bonus track on Minaj's debut album, Pink Friday; however it was released later included on all editions of the album in the United Kingdom on March 11, 2011. The single was released on April 11, 2011 in Australia. It was released on April 15, 2011 as the fourth UK single after \"Moment 4 Life\".entity became a top 20 hit in New Zealand, reaching number 13.", "music    entity is a song by Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj. It served as the sixth single from Minaj's debut album, Pink Friday. The chorus is a sample of Dominos, a 2009 track by British indie rock band The Big Pink.", "movie    entity is known primarily for writing and directing a series of successful sexploitation films that featured campy humor, sly satire and large-breasted women, such as Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!. Meyer often named Beyond the Valley of the Dolls as his definitive work .", "movie    entity is an American director, screenwriter and photographer. He is mainly known for his productions of exploitation films, several of which have had some success.", "music    entity are regarded as one of the most groundbreaking acts in the history of popular music. They were responsible for initiating the punk movement in the United Kingdom and inspiring many later punk and alternative rock musicians. Their fashion and hairstyles have been credited as a significant influence on punk image, and they are often associated with anarchism within music.", "music    entity was formed, the quartet consisted of Johnny Rotten on vocals, Steve Jones on guitar, Paul Cook on drums and Glen Matlock on bass. The latter was replaced by Sid Vicious in 1977.", "government    entity is a social-democratic political party in Jamaica, founded in 1938 by independence campaigner Osmond Theodore Fairclough. It holds 14 of the 63 seats in the House of Representatives, as 96 of the 227 local government divisions. The party is democratic socialist by constitution. The PNP uses the hatted head, the rising sun, the fist, the trumpet and the colours orange, red and yellow as electoral symbols.", "government    entity is a Jamaican party which was founded by Norman Manley on September 18, 1938. It is a member of the Socialist International and COPPPAL.", "music    entity is a solo albumby David Sylvian first released in December 1985 on cassette only, as a limited edition. Alchemy is an intermediary album, released between his first solo album Brilliant Trees and his second solo album Gone to Earth, made up of two entirely separate projects recorded 1984 and 1985.", "music    entity is David Sylvian's second solo album, released in 1985.", "music    entity is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kid Cudi, released as the second single from his debut album Man on the Moon: The End of Day . The single was digitally released to iTunes on June 9, 2009. It features fellow American rappers Common and Kanye West, the latter of whom also produced the song. The song is perhaps best known for its sample of \"Poker Face\", as performed by Lady Gaga. The song received a nomination for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 52nd Annual Grammy Awards.", "music    entity is a song by American hip hop artist Kid Cudi, released as the second single from his album Man on the Moon: The End of Day. The single was released digitally on iTunes on June 9, 2009. The song was originally titled I Poke Her Face but the title was changed to make it more palatable when played on radio. She is featuring Kanye West, who also produced the track, and Common.", "war    entity is a compilation album by German thrash metal band Kreator, released in 1996 through Noise Records. The collection features two previously unreleased songs. Tracks 2, 4, 6, 7, 9, 11, 13, 15 and 16 are remixed by Siggi Bemm & Mille Petrozza. Tracks 3, 8, 9, 10 and 12 are digitally remastered by Siggi Bemm. The live tracks were recorded at the Dynamo club, Eindhoven, Netherlands in 1988.", "war    entity is a compilation by German thrash metal band Kreator. The album was released on March 19, 1996 under the Noise Records label. The titles Suicide in Swamps and Limits of Liberty are unreleased titles. They weren't released on any studio albums by the band before this compilation.", "music    entity is the third and final studio album released by American rock group Elf, released in 1975.", "music    entity is the third and final album by the American group Elf.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Galaxie 500, released in 1988 on Aurora Records. In 2010, the album was re-issued and peaked at number 16 on the UK Independent Album Breakers Chart. In 2018, Pitchfork ranked it at number 16 on its \"The 30 Best Dream Pop Albums\" list.", "music    entity is the first studio album by Galaxie 500, released in 1988 on the independent American label Aurora.", "government    entity was the German state from 1918 to 1933 when it functioned as a federal constitutional republic. The state was officially named the German Reich , and was also referred to as the German Republic . The first term refers to the city of Weimar, where the republic's constituent assembly first took place. In English the country was usually simply called \"Germany\"; the term \"Weimar Republic\" did not become common in English until the 1930s.", "government    entity is the name given by historians to the political regime in place in Germany from 1918 to 1933.", "airport    entity is a former commune in the Orne department in north-western France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune L'Or\u00e9e-d'\u00c9couves.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Basse-Normandie region, populated by 113 inhabitants.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pra\u017cm\u00f3w, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Pra\u017cm\u00f3w in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "music    entity is a song by American electronica musician Moby. It was released as the first single from his third studio album, Everything Is Wrong on May 16, 1994. The single version, which was radically remixed from the album original and retitled \"Hymn \", peaked at number 31 on the UK Singles Chart. A 33-minute ambient remix was released as \"Hymn.Alt.Quiet.Version\".", "music    entity is a song by American electronic artist Moby released in 1994 as the second single from the album Everything is Wrong.", "city    entity is a city in and the seat of entity District, Ontario, Canada. It is the most populous municipality in Northwestern Ontario and the second most populous municipality in Northern Ontario; its population is 107,909 according to the 2016 Canada Census, Located on Lake Superior, the census metropolitan area of entity has a population of 121,621 and consists of the city of entity, the municipalities of Oliver Paipoonge and Neebing, the townships of Shuniah, Conmee, O'Connor, and Gillies, and the Fort William First Nation.", "city    entity is an Ontario municipality created in 1970 from the merger of the cities of Fort William and Port Arthur as well as the townships of Neebing and McIntyre. It is the second largest city in Northern Ontario. In the 2006 census, there was a population of 109,140 inhabitants.", "city    entity is a department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region, bordering Alpes-Maritimes and Italy to the east, Var to the south, Vaucluse to the west, Dr\u00f4me and Hautes-Alpes to the north. Formerly part of the province of Provence, it had a population of 161,588 in 2016. Its main cities are Digne-les-Bains , Manosque, Sisteron, Barcelonnette, Castellane and Forcalquier. Inhabitants of entity are called the Bas-Alpins or Bas-Alpines referring to the department of Basses-Alpes which was the former name of the department until 1970.", "city    entity is a French department in the Provence -Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Insee and La Poste assign it the code 04.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 3 September 1950 at Autodromo Nazionale di Monza. It was race 7 of 7 in the 1950 World Championship of Drivers. In this race, Nino Farina became the first World Drivers' Champion, and the only driver to win the title in his home country.", "competition    entity was the seventh round of the Formula 1 world championship.", "music    entity is the fifth and final studio album by the American hip-hop duo DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince, released on October 12, 1993 on Jive Records. The album peaked at number sixty-four on the Billboard 200 and number thirty-nine on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. On January 14, 1994, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the album gold. Four singles reached the Billboard charts; \"Boom! Shake the Room\", \"I'm Looking for the One \",\"I Wanna Rock\", and \"Can't Wait to Be With You\".", "music    entity is the fifth and final studio album by DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince, released on October 12, 1993. The album ranked 39th on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 64th on the Billboard 200.", "music    entity is a French electronic musician, DJ, remixer and producer. He was born on 19 June 1964 in Antony, Hauts-de-Seine, France. Allmusic considers his style to be similar to Air and Dimitri from Paris. His best-known album is A Grand Love Story , and he has also compiled and mixed a DJ mix album for the Another Late Night series on Azuli Records.", "music    entity is Jean-Yves Prieur, is a French musician and producer, born June 19, 1964 in Antony. In 1982, he created the Bondage Records label. Fifteen years later, he offers a much appreciated trip hop, sharing various influences from the Velvet Underground to DJ Shadow. He takes his pseudonym from a documentary by Jean Rouch.", "music    entity is a song by Electric Light Orchestra , written by Jeff Lynne. It was the third track on the band's successful 1976 album A New World Record, and was the second single from the album. On some CD pressings of A New World Record, the title appears without the exclamation mark.", "music    entity is a song by Electric Light Orchestra, released in 1976 on the album A New World Record. The following year, it was the second single from the album, with Poker on the B side.", "singer    entity is among the best-selling music artists, having sold more than 75 million records worldwide. Much of Shakur's music has been noted for addressing contemporary social issues that plagued inner cities, and he is considered a symbol of activism against inequality.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, activist, poet and actor. who was active in the ranks of the Black Panthers, Tupac Shakur has sold more than 75 million albums worldwide.", "politician    entity was President of Ecuador from February 6, 1997 to February 9, 1997 and from February 11, 1997 to August 10, 1998.", "politician    Fabi\u00e1n Ernesto Alarc\u00f3n Rivera, born April 14, 1947 in Quito, Ecuador, served as interim President of Ecuador from February 6, 1997 to February 9, 1997 and from February 11, 1997 to August 10, 1998.", "war    entity is the eighth full-length album by German thrash metal band Destruction, released in 2003.It was the first Destruction album to feature drummer Marc \"Speedy\" Reign of Morgoth.", "war    entity is the eighth studio album by German thrash metal band Destruction. The album was released on September 22, 2003 under the Nuclear Blast Records label. The album was also released in a limited version. This edition contains seven additional titles compared to the non-limited version. Among these seven titles, there are three covers and four titles in demo version.", "music    entity is a song by the American rock band Green Day. It first appeared as the third track on the band's second studio album, Kerplunk. It was re-recorded and rereleased as the fifth track on their third studio album, Dookie, and released as the album's third single on October 4, 1994. The Dookie version is more popular, and was later included on the band's 2001 compilation album International Superhits!. entity is playable in the video game Green Day: Rock Band. The song peaked at number 56 on the Hot 100 Airplay chart.", "music    entity is a song by American punk band Green Day, first released in 1992 on their second album, Kerplunk!, and re-recorded for their third album, Dookie, released in 1994. The song was the second single from that album. album.", "war    entity is a German thrash metal band from Frankfurt, founded in 1982. Alongside Kreator, Destruction and Sodom, entity is often considered one of the 'Big Four' of Teutonic thrash metal. Stylistically, entity have consistently played thrash metal that thematically centres primarily on alcohol reverence.", "war    entity is a thrash metal band with punk influences founded in 1982 in Frankfurt.", "music    entity is an American independent record label owned by Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz. Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, most acts signed to the label were punk and pop punk acts, while there are many post-hardcore and emo bands signed to the label as well. A large portion of the record label, known as Hellcat Records, is owned by Tim Armstrong, frontman of the punk rock band Rancid. Several sister labels also exist, such as ANTI-, Burning Heart Records, Fat Possum Records, Hellcat Records, and Heart & Skull Records that have signed other types of bands.", "music    entity is a label created and managed by Bad Religion guitarist Brett Gurewitz. Gurewitz created the label by finding the band's name after a song by the band King Crimson. During the 1980s and 1990s, most bands signed to the label were punk rock bands. Since then, several sister labels of the group have appeared such as ANTI-, Burning Heart and Hellcat signing much more varied groups.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Madonna from her tenth studio album Confessions on a Dance Floor . Produced by Madonna and Stuart Price, the song was released as the third single from the album by Warner Bros. Records on June 6, 2006. The decision was spurred by the fact that entity was the third most downloaded song from the album. It was also released to coincide with the start of Madonna's Confessions Tour. Inspired by Stardust's single \"Music Sounds Better with You\", entity is a disco-influenced electropop, trance, techno and dance anthem about the possibility of finding love on the dancefloor.", "music    entity is the third single from Madonna's tenth studio album; Confessions on a Dance Floor. Written and produced mainly by Madonna and Stuart Price, the song has a very danceable tone that matches the sound of the album. The song went on sale on June 6 in the United States and June 10, 2006 for the rest of the world.", "sportsman    entity is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a right back.", "sportsman    entity is a Dutch footballer, born September 1, 1983 in Kronenberg, the Netherlands. He currently plays in the German first division at FC Augsburg as a right-back.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day, released in December 1997 as the second single from their fifth studio album, Nimrod . Although different from the band's usual sound, it is one of the band's most popular songs. It has also become a staple of the band's concerts and is usually played as the final song in their live shows.", "music    entity is a track by American punk rock band Green Day. This title is one of the key pieces of the album Nimrod released in 1997. It is a ballad that was used in the American series Urgences and Seinfeld.", "music    entity is a song written by Bob Dylan, recorded on January 15, 1965, and released on the album Bringing It All Back Home on March 22 of that year. Like many other Dylan songs of the 1965\u201366 period, entity is based on electric blues. It was released as a single in the United Kingdom on June 4, 1965, and peaked at #22 on the chart. Dylan only needed one take to record the song, as may be heard on the exhaustive 18-disc Collector's Edition of The Bootleg Series Vol. 12: The Cutting Edge 1965\u20131966, which includes every alternate take recorded during Dylan's 1965\u20131966 sessions but only the one version of entity.", "music    entity is a song by Bob Dylan released in 1965 on the album Bringing It All Back Home. It is sometimes interpreted as a charge addressed to the folk movement from which Dylan was beginning to break away at the time. During the Newport folk festival, it is interpreted in an electric version which sows excitement in the public.", "actor    entity was an American physician, professor emeritus at the University of Washington, and director emeritus of the clinical research division at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center. In 1990 he shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Joseph E. Murray for the development of cell and organ transplantation. Thomas and his wife and research partner Dottie Thomas developed bone marrow transplantation as a treatment for leukemia.", "actor    entity was an American physician. He received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1990 for his work on transplants and the mechanisms of immune rejection.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by English singer-songwriter Joe Jackson, released on 14 March 1984 by A&M Records. Jackson's first fully digital project, it peaked at No. 14 in the UK, while in the US it reached No. 20. Described by one reviewer as a sophisti-pop album, the tracks are a mix of pop, jazz and Latin music, showcasing the hit single \"You Can't Get What You Want \". Two other singles fared well, with \"Happy Ending\" charting in five countries, and \"Be My Number Two\" enjoying moderate success in the UK.", "music    entity is Joe Jackson's sixth studio album, released on March 14, 1984.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 6 July 2014 at the Silverstone Circuit in Silverstone, United Kingdom before a crowd of 122,000 people. It was the ninth round of the 2014 Formula One World Championship, and the 65th British Grand Prix to be held as part of the series. Lewis Hamilton of the Mercedes team won the 52-lap race, from a sixth position start. Williams driver Valtteri Bottas finished second, with Daniel Ricciardo third for the Red Bull squad. It was Hamilton's fifth victory of 2014, his second at Silverstone, and the 27th of his career.", "competition    entity is the 906th round of the Formula 1 world championship since 1950, where the first of they.", "movie    entity is a Greek cinematographer and film director, known for his collaborations with directors James Mangold, Alexander Payne and Wim Wenders. He has twice been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Cinematography and twice also for the BAFTA Award for Best Cinematography. He has been a member of the American Society of Cinematographers since 2000.", "movie    entity is a Greek American cinematographer and director.", "war    entity is an American death metal band formed in Buffalo, New York in 1988, now based out of Tampa, Florida. The band has released fifteen studio albums, two box sets, four video albums, and two live albums. The band has had little radio or television exposure throughout its career, although a cult following began to build with the releases of their early albums, including Butchered at Birth and Tomb of the Mutilated . As of 2015, they achieved worldwide sales of two million units for combined sales of all their albums. In April 2021, entity received their best 'first week' sales of all-time and first Top 10 on the Billboard Top Album Sales Chart as Violence Unimagined entered at No. 6 with 14,000 copies sold.", "war    entity is an American death metal band from Buffalo. Founded in 1988 and initially consisting of Chris Barnes, Bob Rusay, Jack Owen, Alex Webster and Paul Mazurkiewicz, the band is considered, along with a few others, to be a pioneer in brutal death metal. The band debuted with the albums Butchered at Birth and Tomb of the Mutilated, which alone sold one million copies worldwide, including 558,929 in the United States.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player currently playing for Spartak Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League . He previously played in 4 games in the National Hockey League with the Atlanta Thrashers during the 2010\u201311 season.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player.", "war    entity is a 2017 action role-playing game developed by Guerrilla Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. The plot follows Aloy, a young hunter in a world overrun by machines, who sets out to uncover her past. The player uses ranged weapons, a spear, and stealth to combat mechanical creatures and other enemy forces. A skill tree provides the player with new abilities and bonuses. The player can explore the open world to discover locations and take on side quests. It was released for the PlayStation 4 in 2017 and Microsoft Windows in 2020.", "war    entity is an open-world action role-playing video game developed by Dutch studio Guerrilla Games and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment for the PlayStation 4, released on March 1, 2017 in Europe. It is the first intellectual property developed by Guerrilla Games since Killzone in 2004 and the Dutch studio's first attempt at making a role-playing video game.", "music    entity is a song written by Ray Davies for English rock band the Kinks. The song, originally performed in a more blues-oriented style, was inspired by artists such as Lead Belly and Big Bill Broonzy. Two versions of the song were recorded, with the second performance being used for the final single. Although it was rumoured that future Led Zeppelin guitarist Jimmy Page had performed the song's guitar solo, the myth has since been proven false.", "music    entity is a song by British band The Kinks written by Ray Davies and released as a single in 1964. It has become a rock classic and one of the most played songs among beginning guitarists. It is considered by some to be the first piece of hard rock. The song is said to have been composed by Ray Davies one evening at his parents' house on an out of tune piano. She regularly triggers hysteria during their concerts.", "sportsman    entity is an Algerian former professional football player. He last played as a forward for Tennis Borussia Berlin.", "sportsman    entity is a football player with a German mother and an Algerian father. He currently plays as a striker at Karlsruher SC.", "sports team    entity were a minor league professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. They played in Albany, New York at the Times Union Center.", "sports team    entity is based in Albany, New York.", "sportsman    entity is a retired Swiss ice hockey player. He played for several teams in the National League A , including EHC Biel, HC Lugano, HC Fribourg-Gott\u00e9ron and Lausanne HC. He also played for the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team on several occasions.", "sportsman    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey player.", "war    entity is a fantasy novel by American author Robert Jordan, the tenth book of his The Wheel of Time series. It was published by Tor Books and released on January 7, 2003. Upon its release, it immediately rose to the #1 position on the New York Times best seller list for hardcover fiction, making it the third Wheel of Time book to reach the #1 position on that list. It remained on the list for the next three months.", "war    entity was published on January 7, 2003 by Tor Books in the United States and by Orbit in the UK. In the first French translation, the book was split into two volumes: Le Carrefour des ombres; Secrets. The two volumes were released in 2010 by Rivages in the Fantasy collection and then taken up in poc", "competition    entity is notable for the first lap collision between Williams driver Juan Pablo Montoya and Ferrari's Michael Schumacher, which led to the Colombian being given a drive through penalty. This decision led to much criticism for the Malaysian stewards, with the victim of the incident, Schumacher, commenting that the decision was \"overly harsh\" on Montoya.", "competition    Results of the 2002 Malaysian Grand Prix, raced at the Sepang International Circuit on March 17, 2002.", "movie    entity is a 1973 horror film written and directed by Paul Morrissey. It stars Udo Kier, Joe Dallesandro, Monique van Vooren and Arno Juerging. Interiors were filmed at Cinecitt\u00e0 in Rome by a crew of Italian filmmakers.", "movie    entity is a 1973 American-French-Italian horror film directed by Paul Morrissey and Antonio Margheriti and produced by Andy Warhol.", "music    entity is a song by French music producer David Guetta from his sixth studio album, Listen. It features vocals by American singer and songwriter Sam Martin. It was released as a digital download and the lead single from the album on 30 June 2014. It was produced by Guetta, Avicii, Riesterer, and Tuinfort, with additional production from Italian house production team Daddy's Groove. The track crowned the singles chart in Austria, Finland, Germany and the United Kingdom, and reached the top 40 in most of the countries where it charted.", "music    entity is a song by French electronic music disc jockey , David Guetta, with vocal participation by American singer-songwriter Sam Martin. It was unveiled on June 30, 2014 in digital format, in the form of an eponymous maxi and is, moreover, the first single from his sixth studio album, entitled Listen.", "music    entity is a 1969 album by the Grateful Dead. One of the first rock albums to be recorded using 16-track technology, fans and critics alike consider this era to be the band's experimental apex. The title is a meaningless palindrome, usually pronounced /\u0252ks\u0259.m\u0259ks\u02c8o\u028a\u0259/.", "music    entity is the third studio album by Grateful Dead. The original title was Earthquake Country. In 1991, Rolling Stone magazine ranked it as having the eighth best album cover of all time.", "music    entity is a song by rock band U2. It is the fifth track on their 1993 album, Zooropa, and was released as the album's third single on 22 November 1993. The song reached number one in Ireland and reached the top 10 in Australia, Iceland, the United Kingdom, and several other countries. The music video was shot in Berlin, Germany. The earliest incarnation of the song developed during sessions for the group's 1991 album Achtung Baby. It was written for and inspired by Frank Sinatra and bore his surname as the original working title. An alternative recording was used in the Wim Wenders film Faraway, So Close!.", "music    entity is the third single from U2's Zooropa album, released in 1993. It's one of the few pop-rock tracks on a record heavily influenced by electronics and experimentation.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish former professional ice hockey defenceman. He played eight seasons in the National Hockey League for the Edmonton Oilers, Hartford Whalers and Quebec Nordiques.", "sportsman    entity is a professional ice hockey player turned coach.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones. It was written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards for a single to follow the successful \" Satisfaction\". Recorded in Hollywood, California, in early September 1965, the song was released in September in the United States and October in the United Kingdom.It topped the charts in the US, UK, Canada, and Germany and reached number two in several other countries.", "music    entity is a Rolling Stones song, released as a single in late 1965. The single topped the charts in both the United States and the United Kingdom, repeating the success of its predecessor, Satisfaction.", "school    entity is a private, liberal-arts institution owned and operated by the Jamaica Union Conference and the Atlantic Caribbean Union Mission of Seventh-day Adventists, and is located in Jamaica. With its main campus only 2 miles south of Mandeville town, in Manchester, and three other campuses situated in Kingston, Montego Bay and Salem Runaway Bay, St. Ann, the university offers a number of professional, pre-professional and vocational programmes in a spiritually wholesome and aesthetically pleasing atmosphere. Established in 1907, NCU currently enjoys an average yearly enrollment of over five thousand students, from up to 35 countries.", "school    entity is a Seventh-day Adventist university. The main campus is located approximately five kilometers from Mandeville in Jamaica. Founded in 1907 as the West Indian Training School, in Bog Walk, a town in the parish of St. Catherine, it is the oldest private tertiary education institution on the island.", "music    entity is the 7th studio album by rapper Devin the Dude, released on November 2, 2010. The first single \"Jus Coolin\" had been released on September the 27th.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by Devin the Dude, released on November 2, 2010.", "city    entity is one of the seventy-seven districts of Nepal. The district, with Baglung as its district headquarters, covers an area of 1,784 km2 and has a population of 268,613.", "city    entity is one of the 75 districts of Nepal. It is attached to Dhawalagiri Zone and Western Development Region. The population of the district stood at 268,613 in 2011.", "music    entity is the title track from English rock band Blur's third studio album, Parklife . When released as the album's third single in August 1994, it reached number 10 on the UK Singles Chart and number 30 in Ireland. The song contains elements of spoken word in the verses, narrated by actor Phil Daniels, who also appears in the song's music video. The choruses are sung by lead singer Damon Albarn.", "music    entity is Blur's tenth single, taken from the album of the same name. The song was ranked 65th Greatest British Song of All Time by Xfm in 2010.", "music    entity was recorded as a demo during the sessions of Radiohead's first album, Pablo Honey , and remastered for inclusion on The Bends. Two music videos were produced for \"High and Dry\".", "music    entity is the first song from the album The Bends by Radiohead. This theme opens the album The Bends, and this, in an explosive way. Jonny Greenwood plays the intro on the keyboard, then enters the electric guitar. Thom Yorke starts singing, then comes the whole band. The song used to be called Planet Xerox, but the band changed it because Xerox is the name of a printing company.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Marne department in the Champagne-Ardenne region.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on April 2, 1978, at Long Beach, California.", "competition    Results of the 1978 Formula 1 United States Grand Prix West held at the Long Beach Street Circuit on April 2, 1978.", "music    entity is BoA's twenty-fifth Japanese single. In addition to the title track are \"Precious,\" instrumental versions of both songs, and the spring acoustic mix of entity The single was released on February 20, 2008. \"The Face\" was scheduled for release the same day, but was pushed back a week due to strong competition. entity is a ballad that is the theme song of \"Inu to Watashi no 10 no Yakusoku.\" The single was leaked onto the internet on January 25, 2008.", "music    entity is BoA's 26th single released under the Avex Trax label on February 20, 2008 in Japan. It reached 13th place in the Oricon ranking and remained ranked for 5 weeks for a total of 15,636 copies sold. The song entity is on the album The Face.entity was used as the theme music for the movie Inu to Watashi no 10 no Yakusoku.", "music    entity is a song by American group the Jacksons, recorded in March 1980 and released as the third single from their album Triumph. Written by brothers Michael and Jackie, the song featured solo leads by Randy and Michael. Released as a single in 1981, the song reached No. 77 on the pop charts and No. 30 on the R&B charts in United States, but reached No. 6 in the UK and No. 2 in the Netherlands in 1981.", "music    entity is the second single from The Jacksons' album Triumph. It's also the album's biggest hit. entity was recorded in March 1980 and released as a single on September 23, 1980. This song is R&B, soul and funk. It was written by Michael Jackson and Jackie Jackson and it was produced by the Jacksons.", "singer    entity is an independent record label with headquarters in Paris and London. entity SAS is the main label, with entity Ltd handling the British artist roster. entity was founded in 2005 by former president of Virgin Records France and EMI Continental Europe Emmanuel de Buretel, and has acts on its roster such as Mercury Music Prize nominated Metronomy and electronic duo Justice, along with actress and songwriter Charlotte Gainsbourg and husband-and-wife duo Amadou & Mariam.", "singer    entity is one of the leading independent music labels in France. Its head office is based in Paris, and the company also has offices in London. Because Music has the license of all artists from Ed Banger Records and Erol Alkan's label, Phantasy Sound.", "music    entity is the ninth album by American musician Beck, released on March 29, 2005, by Interscope Records. It is seen by many as a return to the style of Odelay, mainly due to it being produced with the Dust Brothers and Tony Hoffer. It also recalls Mutations in places with its Brazilian influences. The album was promoted with the singles \"E-Pro\", \"Girl\", and \"Hell Yes\", and debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200. To date, it is Beck's highest-charting album and has sold over 868,000 copies in the United States as of July 2008. It has received positive reviews from critics.", "music    entity is a Beck album released in 2005. Many have found the style to be reminiscent of Odelay.", "sports team    entity is based in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany. They play their home games at the Curt Frenzel Stadion. Founded in 1878, the team's name was Augsburger EV until 1994, when it was changed to Augsburger Panther.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey club from Germany, playing in the German Ice Hockey Championship. The club plays its home matches at the Curt Frenzel Stadion ice rink in Augsburg, Bavaria.", "singer    entity is an American heavy metal vocalist best known as the lead singer for Pantera, Down, and Superjoint, amongst other musical projects. He is the owner of Housecore Records.", "singer    entity is an American metal singer and musician, born June 30, 1968 in New Orleans, Louisiana. He is known for being the lead singer of the band Pantera . Currently, he is the leader of the group Down. He is also the owner of Housecore Records and is part of many side projects.", "music    entity is a song by English electronic music band Depeche Mode from their fifth studio album, Black Celebration . It was released on 14 April 1986 as the album's second single. It is the second Depeche Mode single with Martin Gore on lead vocals, following \"Somebody\", and the first to be released in its own right. However, the 12-inch single was released as a double A-side with \"A Question of Time\" in the United States, like \"Somebody\". The single reached number 28 in United Kingdom and number eight in West Germany.", "music    entity is the sixteenth single from Depeche Mode, released on April 14, 1986, the second single from the album Black Celebration. It is the second single with Martin Gore as lead singer after Somebody which was coupled with Blasphemous Rumors sung by Dave Gahan, and therefore the first including only him as lead singer.", "politician    entity is a French politician serving as President of the Constitutional Council since 8 March 2016. A member of the Socialist Party, he previously served as Prime Minister of France from 17 July 1984 to 20 March 1986. Fabius was 37 years old when he was appointed and is, so far, the youngest Prime Minister of the Fifth Republic.", "politician    entity is a French statesman and politician. of Seine-Maritime from 1986 to 1988 then of the 4th constituency of Seine-Maritime from 1988 to 2000 and from 2002 to 2012. of industry and", "music    entity is a song by the Swedish pop group ABBA, released in January 1978 as the second single from their fifth studio album, ABBA: The Album. Agnetha F\u00e4ltskog and Anni-Frid Lyngstad share the lead vocals on the verses and choruses, with F\u00e4ltskog singing two bridge sections solo.It reached the top ten in both the UK and US. The song was notably covered by the British band Erasure, and was performed by Julie Walters in the film Mamma Mia!.", "music    entity is a song by Swedish pop group ABBA which was recorded in 1977 and released in 1978. It was the second single to be released after their fifth album, simply called The Album. The song appears on many compilations such as ABBA Gold - Greatest Hits.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department in southern France. It is halfway between Saint-Cannat and Aix-en-Provence.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are called \u00e9guillens and \u00e9guillennes.", "competition    The Women's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2012 Summer Olympics took place on 4\u20136 August at the Olympic Stadium. From the gun in the final, reigning world champion Yuliya Zaripova sprinted out to the lead and dictated the pace. But rather than continuing to accelerate, she slowed, with the rest of the field bunching behind with nobody willing to go around. The pack slowly disintegrated by attrition. With 3 laps to go a group of seven had separated, including all three Ethiopians, plus Milcah Chemos Cheywa, Mercy Wanjiku Njoroge and Habiba Ghribi, all still behind Zaripova. On the 6th lap, defending champion and World Record holder Gulnara Galkina, already off the back, made a right turn and stepped off the track. The pace quickened, losing Etenesh Diro and Njoroge at the water jump. Zarip", "competition    entity was held on August 4 for the heats and August 6 for the final at London's Olympic Stadium.", "music    entity is an American progressive rock band formed in Los Angeles. The band was formed in 1992 by brothers Neal and Alan Morse , John Ballard and Nick D'Virgilio . Ballard was replaced by Dave Meros before the release of their debut album, The Light , and Ryo Okumoto joined soon after. Neal Morse left the band following the release of their sixth album, Snow , and D'Virgilio took over as the band's frontman. In 2011, D'Virgilio also left and was replaced by Jimmy Keegan and Ted Leonard from Brief Nocturnes and Dreamless Sleep onwards. To date, the band have released thirteen studio albums, and numerous live releases.", "music    entity is an American progressive rock band from Los Angeles. He is trained by brothers Neal and Alan Morse. Neal played keyboards and was a vocalist before leaving the band to pursue a solo career in 2002. Alan plays electric guitar. The duo teamed up with Nick D'Virgilio and Dave Meros and released their debut album, The Light, in 1995. The quartet was later joined by keyboardist Ryo Okumoto.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazan\u8d38w, within Zwole\u8245 County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Kazan\u00f3w in Zwole\u0144 County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Norwegian musician Susanne Sundf\u9176r, released on 15 March 2010 in Norway, through EMI Music Norway and Gr\u679anland Records. The album sees a shift from the piano driven pop from previous releases towards a more ambitious and electronic sound. entity was a critical and commercial success in Norway, spending 30 weeks in the Norwegian album charts, and becoming platinum certified and the best-selling album in Norway in 2010. It also won Sundf\u9176r a Norwegian Grammy award for \"best composer\", as well as a nomination for \"best lyrics\".", "music    entity is the third studio album by Norwegian artist Susanne Sundf\u00f8r.", "city    entity is a city on the Baltic coast of northern Poland. With a population of 470,805, entity is the capital and largest city of the Pomeranian Voivodeship and the most prominent city in the geographical region of Pomerania. It is Poland's principal seaport and the country's fourth-largest metropolitan area.", "city    entity is the 6th largest city in Poland by population and the largest port city in this country. Between 1975 and 1998, the city was the capital of the voivodeship of Gda\u0144sk and since 1998, Gda\u0144sk is the capital of the voivodeship of Pomerania and has the rank of powiat-city.", "music    entity is the second single from American singer Akon's third studio album, Freedom. The song features additional vocals from rappers Lil Wayne and Young Jeezy, and was released as a digital download worldwide and a physical single in France only on October 4, 2008.", "music    entity is the second single from Akon's third album, Freedom. The single featuring Lil Wayne on the radio version, which is a bonus track on the iTunes version of the album, and Lil Wayne and Young Jeezy on the CD version of the album and the music version. video. It was released for download on October 4, 2008.", "music    entity is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Roland Kirk containing portions of his 1968 Newport Jazz Festival performance along with studio recordings from July 1969. It was released on the Atlantic label and features performances by Kirk with Rahn Burton, Vernon Martin, Jimmy Hopps and Joseph \"Habao\" Texidor, Dick Griffin, Charles McGhee, Sonny Brown, Charles Crosby and the \"Roland Kirk Spirit Choir\".", "music    entity is an album by Roland Kirk released in 1969.", "city    entity is a county in Hengshui, Hebei province, People's Republic of China. It has an area of 1,183 km2 and has 500,000 inhabitants. Its seat is the town of .", "city    entity is an administrative district of Hebei Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Hengshui.", "singer    entity is an American musician, songwriter and record producer.", "singer    entity is an American musician, composer, and producer.", "actor    entity was a Dutch Golden Age painter of genre works.", "actor    entity was a Dutch Baroque painter.", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter and musician best known as the founder of the Cajun band BeauSoleil.", "singer    entity is an American violinist, singer, folklorist, and musicologist specializing in Cajun music and zydeco . He is one of the founders and the leading man of the BeauSoleil group with which he has been performing since 1975. Michael Doucet is considered by Americans as one of the musical representatives of \u201cFrench culture\u201d.", "music    entity is the first live album by American singer Alicia Keys. It was released on October 7, 2005 by J Records. Recorded as part of the television program MTV entity on July 4, 2005 at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, the album includes songs from her first two studio albums Songs in A Minor and The Diary of Alicia Keys .", "music    entity is a live album by Alicia Keys released in 2005. The concert was recorded on July 4, 2005 at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York City as part of the MTV entity show. At that time, MTV had not recorded an acoustic concert for 3 years. The album ranked 1st on the Billboard 200 and sold 196,000 copies in the United States and 245,000 copies worldwide in its first week.", "music    entity is a 1958 song by Eddie Cochran and Jerry Capehart, originally released as a B-side.", "music    entity is a song written by Jerry Capehart and Eddie Cochran in 1958.", "music    entity is a single by the British band The Cure released on 13 July 2008 on Geffen Records in the United Kingdom. It was pushed back to 15 July in the United States to comply with the tradition of releasing songs on a Tuesday. It has the distinction of including a keyboard part despite the fact that the band has not had a keyboardist in their lineup since 2005, although \"The Only One\" and \"NY Trip\" feature piano parts.", "music    entity is a song by British band The Cure, released as a single on July 13, 2008 with the B-side Down Under. entity appears on the album 4:13 Dream with a significantly different mix . Down Under is not on the album. The band has been playing the song live since May 2008. It was originally a song written during the session for the album The Head on the Door, released in 1985, and remained unreleased. The single ranks first in the charts in Spain.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by English new wave band Duran Duran. It was released on 18 October 1988 by EMI. The album reached number 15 on the UK Albums Chart and number 24 on the US Billboard 200. A CD reissue was released in 1994. The album was reissued as a on 27 September 2010.", "music    entity is the 5th studio album of the English group Duran Duran, released in 1988. It marks the beginning of a painful period of artistic questioning in the career of the group. The previous album, Notorious, had had disappointing sales, and the band was looking for credibility.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey club in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia. It is a member of the Bobrov Division in the Kontinental Hockey League. The team's home arena is Trade Union Sport Palace. The team used to play its home games at Konovalenko Sports Palace, named after Viktor Konovalenko \u2013 one of the most famous Soviet goaltenders, who played for Torpedo.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Nizhny Novgorod, Russia. He plays in the KHL.", "city    entity is a village in the municipality of Blace, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 327 people.", "city    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Blace, Toplica district.", "sportsman    entity was an Albanian football player.", "sportsman    entity is an Albanian international football player. He is best known for having finished top scorer in the Albanian league in 1986 and 1990.", "language    entity is a city in, and the county seat of, Oneida County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 7,798 at the 2010 census.", "language    entity is the county seat of Oneida County in northeastern Wisconsin, United States. It had 7,735 inhabitants in 2000. Rhinelander is known for its mascot, \"the Hodag\". It's a huge, green monster with claws. The history of the Hodag dates back to the end of the 19th century.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Beyonc\u8305 from her self-titled fifth studio album . It was written by Beyonc\u8305, Pharrell Williams, Timbaland, J-Roc, James Fauntleroy and Justin Timberlake, and produced by the former four. It was set to be released as one of the lead singles following the release of the album along with \"Drunk in Love\", however, its release was scrapped in favor of \"XO\".", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Beyonc\u00e9 from her 5th self-titled album. It was written by Beyonc\u00e9, Pharell Williams, James Fauntleroy, Timbaland, J-Roc and Justin Timberlake, and produced by Beyonc\u00e9 and Pharell Williams. to cunnilingus with R'n'B, Disco and Funk sounds. The song went straight to the top of the US Hot Dance Club Songs charts and became his 19th number 1 single on that chart, tied with Janet Jackson. The emptied clip", "music    entity is a 2008 song by French singer-songwriter Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was the first single from her seventh studio album Point de Suture, and was released first digitally and on radio in June 2008, then in a CD in August 2008. The song marked an important musical change in the singer's career. Despite cold critical and public reception, the single achieved success, peaking at number one in France on both physical and digital sales charts.", "music    entity is the first extract from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's 7th studio album, Point de suture. In four months, the title became the 22nd best-selling single of 2008.", "singer    entity is a Greek Cypriot singer. She was born and raised in Agia Napa, Cyprus and currently resides in Alexandroupoli, Greece. Adamou rose to recognition in Greece and Cyprus following her participation in the second season of the Greek version of The X Factor, where she was under the mentorship of Giorgos Theofanous. Right after her elimination from the X Factor, Adamou secured a recording contract with Sony Music Greece. She gained further recognition from her participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012, where she represented Cyprus with the song \"La La Love\".", "singer    entity is a Greek-Cypriot singer known in Greece and Cyprus following her participation in the second season of the Greek version of The X Factor, where she was under the direction of Giorgos Theofanous.", "music    entity is Kalafina's fifth single. The title track is the opening theme song of NHK's Rekishi Hiwa Hientity, a historical documentary series. The single was also available as a limited edition release, containing a bonus DVD.", "music    entity is the 5th single by Kalafina released under the Sony Music Entertainment Japan label on July 1, 2009 in Japan. It reached number 15 in the Oricon rankings. It sold 4,887 copies in the first week, and remained listed for 4 weeks for a total of 7,093 copies sold. It comes out in CD and CD+DVD format.entity was used as the theme music for the show Rekishi Hiwa Historia. entity is on the Red Moon album.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American rock band the Doors for their 1968 album Waiting for the Sun. Elektra Records released it as a single that same year, which topped the charts in the U.S. and Canada. Although the Doors are credited as the songwriters, songs by other artists have been identified as likely sources. Apart from the single's success, a portion of the band's fans consider the tune does not represent the Doors sound, due to its commercial nature and shallow lyrics, while it has also been the subject of plagiarism controversy.", "music    entity is a song by The Doors, released in 1968 on their third album, Waiting for the Sun. Released as a single, it topped the charts in the United States. Its opening riff has been compared to that of the Kinks song All Day and All of the Night.", "school    entity is a 1913 American short comedy film directed by Mack Sennett and featuring Fatty Arbuckle.", "school    entity is a 1913 American silent short and comedy film directed by Mack Sennett.", "sportsman    entity is a Georgian footballer who plays as a defender for FC Locomotive Tbilisi.", "sportsman    entity is a Georgian footballer, born February 23, 1987 in Tbilisi. He plays at right-back.", "music    entity is a song written by Mariah Carey and Narada Michael Walden, and produced by Walden for Carey's debut album, Mariah Carey . The ballad was released as the album's fourth single in the second quarter of 1991. It became Carey's fourth number one single on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100.", "music    entity is a song written by and produced by Mariah Carey and Narada Michael Walden, taken from her debut album Mariah Carey. This is the fourth single released in the second quarter of 1991. It becomes the fourth consecutive single from the album to reach number 1. It received a BMI pop Award like most singles from the same album. .", "music    entity is an English alternative/post-rock band, formed in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England. The group play brooding songs featuring sparse piano and guitar, baritone vocals, uplifting choral passages and reverberant orchestral crescendos. They draw their inspiration from historical failings and a pessimistic world view. entity have had their music featured on Hollywood film trailers, adverts and television, including an episode of CSI: Miami.", "music    entity are an alternative rock/post-rock band from Leeds, England. This group exudes a melancholy, even pessimistic and cavernous atmosphere while maintaining a sustained rock style. It includes instruments such as guitar, piano, voice and some choir passages. Their success began quite quickly with the album Progress Reform, produced by the Fierce Panda Records label in June 2006.", "army    entity is the oldest and longest-established field army of the United States Army. It served as a theater army, having seen service in both World War I and World War II, and supplied the US army with soldiers and equipment during the Korean War and the Vietnam war under some of the most famous and distinguished officers of the U.S. Army. It now serves as a mobilization, readiness and training command.", "army    entity is a formation of the United States Army. Since 2006, this army has been used to oversee the training, preparation and mobilization activities of several brigades on United States territory.", "airport    entity is a former commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune Val-Couesnon.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in the Brittany region, with a population of 796 inhabitants.", "city    entity is a governorate of Yemen. It is located to the south and southeast of Sana'a Governorate, to the north of Ibb Governorate, to the east of Al Hudaydah Governorate and to the northwest of Al Bayda' Governorate in the central highlands of Yemen.", "city    entity is an administrative subdivision in western Yemen. Its capital is Dhamar. As of the 2004 census, it had a population of 1,329,229, mostly in rural areas.", "actor    entity is an Italian heiress and socialite. Since 2011 Allegra has been a director of Gianni Versace S.p.A. and has worked in New York City as a theatrical dresser.", "actor    entity is an heiress and major shareholder of the Versace fashion house. She is the daughter of Donatella Versace, creator of the fashion house of the same name, niece of Santo Versace and Gianni Versace, founder of the fashion house, who was assassinated on July 15, 1997 in Miami Beach by the American serial killer Andrew Cunanan. entity suffers from anorexia.Fashion Portal Fashion Portal Business Portal Business Portal", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Bernese Alps, in Switzerland. Together with the Eiger and the Jungfrau, it forms a highly recognisable group of mountains, visible from far away. The Jungfrau railway tunnel runs right under the summit, at an elevation of approximately 3,300 metres . The summit was first climbed on 15 August 1857 by Christian Almer, Christian Kaufmann, Ulrich Kaufmann and Sigismund Porges.", "mountain    entity is an individualized peak located in Switzerland in the Bernese Alps.", "royal    entity was a Greek politician, the founder of the Papandreou political dynasty. He served three terms as prime minister of Greece . He was also deputy prime minister from 1950\u20131952, in the governments of Nikolaos Plastiras and Sofoklis Venizelos and served numerous times as a cabinet minister, starting in 1923, in a political career that spanned more than five decades.", "royal    entity was a Greek politician. He was Prime Minister three times, from April 26, 1944 to January 3, 1945, from November 8, 1963 to December 30, 1963 and from February 18, 1964 to July 15, 1965.", "city    entity is a town located in the L\u00e9koumou Region of the Republic of the Congo. It is also the region's capital and entity District seat. The town is served by entity Airport, located 300km west of Brazzaville, Republic Of The Congo.", "city    entity is the capital of the L\u00e9koumou department of the Republic of Congo. The city is located between Brazzaville and Pointe-Noire.", "war    entity is the second studio album by American metalcore band Atreyu. It was released on June 29, 2004, under Victory Records. The album went on to produce three singles, \"Bleeding Mascara\" \"Right Side of the Bed\" and \"The Crimson\". The videos for \"Right Side of the Bed\" and \"The Crimson\" achieved much airplay on television networks such as MTV2 and Fuse. The songs also received airplay on some radio stations across various countries. Since its release, entity has gone on to sell more than 500,000 copies and it was certified gold by the RIAA on September 14, 2020.", "war    entity is the second studio album by American metalcore band Atreyu. The album was released on June 29, 2004 under the Victory Records label. Two singles were taken from this album: Right Side of the Bed and The Crimson. Their videos have been shown many times on music TV channels such as MTV2 or FUSE.", "language    entity is considered the most influential American poet of his time. Oxford University literary critic John Bayley wrote that Ashbery \"sounded, in poetry, the standard tones of the age.\" Langdon Hammer, chair of the English Department at Yale University, wrote in 2008, \"No figure looms so large in American poetry over the past 50 years as John Ashbery\" and \"No American poet has had a larger, more diverse vocabulary, not Whitman, not Pound.\" Stephanie Burt, a poet and Harvard professor of English, has compared Ashbery to T. S. Eliot, calling Ashbery \"the last figure whom half the English-language poets alive thought a great model, and the other half thought incomprehensible\".", "language    entity is an American poet, considered the main representative of the poetry of the School of New York.", "music    entity is an album by American jazz trumpeter Eddie Henderson recorded in 1975 and released on the Blue Note label.", "music    entity is an album by trumpeter Eddie Henderson released in 1975 on the Blue Note label.", "city    entity is a district of the state of Burgenland in Austria.", "city    entity is a Bezirk in the Austrian state of Burgenland.", "sports team    entity is a Belarusian former professional ice hockey defenseman. He last played for SaiPa of the Finnish Liiga. He participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarusian national team.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey player Russian star. He has Russian nationality.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode. It was first released on 19 March 1990 through Mute Records internationally, and through Sire and Reprise Records in the United States.", "music    entity is Depeche Mode's 7th studio album, released on March 19, 1990. Considered the band's best album to date for its inventive and innovative production qualities, it was a resounding artistic and commercial success.", "singer    entity is marked by his collaboration with Thelonious Monk, which lasted for more than ten years.", "singer    entity is best known for his collaboration with Thelonious Monk, which lasted over 10 years. He is also one of the founding members of the group Sphere in tribute to Thelonious Monk.", "music    entity is a song by American singer, songwriter, and dancer Michael Jackson. It was written and composed by Andre Harris and Marsha Ambrosius, and produced by Jackson and Harris. The track appears on Jackson's tenth studio album, Invincible , and is Jackson's final single from a studio album. The song also appeared in The Ultimate Collection . entity is a midtempo ballad. The single received generally positive reviews from music critics; some music reviewers described the song as being one of the best songs on Invincible while others felt that it was a \"decent track\".", "music    entity is a song by Michael Jackson which appears on track 7 of the album Invincible. The song is the 3rd and last track from the album to have been released as a single in 2001. The single was not released in France, it was released in the United States and the United Kingdom. entity entered the Top 20 American and even climbed to second place in the R'n'B ranking without having a single released.", "music    entity are a British electronic band formed in London in 1987. Bill Drummond and Jimmy Cauty began by releasing hip hop-inspired and sample-heavy records as the JAMs. As the Timelords, they recorded the British number-one single \"Doctorin' the Tardis\", and documented the process of making a hit record in a book The Manual . As the KLF, Drummond and Cauty pioneered stadium house and, with their 1990 LP Chill Out, the ambient house genre. entity released a series of international hits on their own KLF Communications record label and became the biggest selling si", "music    entity were a British music group from the Acid house era of the late 1980s and early 1990s. Bill Drummond and Jimmy Cauty, resulting from the dissolution of the group The Justified Ancients of Mu Mu, the KLF had several worldwide successes.", "actor    entity was an Irish writer and script editor for the BBC. He travelled extensively in his youth as a travelling poet. During the 1960s he worked as a literary editor, and wrote short stories that were published in Science Fantasy magazine.", "actor    entity is an Irish writer and screenwriter. He is best known for his short stories and work for British television from the 1970s to the 2000s.", "singer    entity is an Australian folk singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. She is the sister half of Angus & Julia Stone and is also a solo musician. Her debut solo album, The Memory Machine, was released in September 2010. Her second solo album, By the Horns, was released in May 2012, and peaked at No. 11 on the ARIA Albums Chart.", "singer    entity is an Australian singer and musician. She is the sister of singer and musician Angus Stone with whom she founded the group Angus & entity in 2006. After two albums written with her brother, she released her first solo album in 2010 The Memory Machine. Her second album By The Horns was released in 2012.", "music    entity is a song by the American alternative rock band Foo Fighters. It was the first single from the group's 2007 album Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace. It is one of Foo Fighters' most successful songs; peaking at number 37 on the US Billboard Hot 100 , only \"Learn to Fly\" and \"Best of You\" beat its position on the Billboard Hot 100.", "music    entity is the first single by rock band Foo Fighters from their 2007 album Echoes, Silence, Patience and Grace.", "music    entity is the second album by Yoko Ono, produced by her and John Lennon, and released in 1971. It was a complete avant-garde/Fluxus package in a gatefold sleeve that came with a full-size poster and a postcard to order Ono's 1964 book Grapefruit. Notable songs include the singles \"Midsummer New York\" and \"Mrs. Lennon\", \"Hirake\" aka \"Open Your Box\" and \"Don't Worry, Kyoko \", dedicated to Ono's daughter Kyoko Cox. \"Airmale\" is the soundtrack to Lennon's film Erection, showing a building being erected in time lapsed photography, while \"entity\" is the soundtrack to Lennon and Ono's 1970 film entity.", "music    entity is Yoko Ono's second and first double solo album. Released on March 20, 1971 in the United States and December 3, 1971 in the United Kingdom, it was the second to be produced in collaboration with John Lennon. On February 1, 1972, Yoko performed \"Midsummer New York\", accompanied by Lennon and their group Elephant's Memory, on the American program \"The Mike Douglas Show\", which would be broadcast on February 15 of the same year.", "school    entity is a collegiate research university in Cambridge, United Kingdom. Founded in 1209 and granted a royal charter by Henry III in 1231, Cambridge is the second-oldest university in the English-speaking world and the world's fourth-oldest surviving university. The university grew out of an association of scholars who left the University of Oxford after a dispute with the townspeople. The two English ancient universities share many common features and are often jointly referred to as Oxbridge.", "school    entity is Britain's second oldest university. It is part of the Old Universities. It is one of the most prestigious universities in the world.", "school    entity is an American television miniseries based on Elizabeth Strout's 2008 novel entity. Set in Maine, the HBO miniseries features Frances McDormand as the title character, Richard Jenkins as Olive's loving husband Henry Kitteridge, Zoe Kazan as Denise Thibodeau, and Bill Murray as Jack Kennison. The show is divided into four parts, each depicting a certain point of time in the novel.", "school    entity is a 4 hour mini-series based on the novel of the same name written by Elizabeth Strout. Set in Maine, the action stars Frances McDormand as entity, Richard Jenkins as the husband, Zoe Kazan as Denise Thibodeau and Bill Murray Jack Kennison. The miniseries is divided into four parts, each representing a specific moment in the novel.", "sports team    entity is a Croatian professional football club based in Zagreb. The club is the successor of 1. H\u0160K Gra\u0111anski, which had been founded in 1911, disbanded in 1945 and replaced by the newly founded Dinamo Zagreb. They play their home matches at Stadion Maksimir. They are the most successful club in Croatian football, having won twenty-two Prva HNL titles, sixteen Croatian Cups and six Croatian Super Cups. The club has spent its entire existence in top flight, having been members of the Yugoslav First League from 1946 to 1991, and then the Prva HNL since its foundation in 1993.", "sports team    entity is a Croatian football club based in Zagreb. They live at Maksimir Stadium in Zagreb.", "island    entity is a transcontinental country in Central America and South America, bordered by Costa Rica to the west, Colombia to the southeast, the Caribbean Sea to the north, and the Pacific Ocean to the south. Its capital and largest city is Panama City, whose metropolitan area is home to nearly half the country's 4 million people.", "island    entity is a small country of 75,420 km geographically belonging to Central America.", "music    entity is a musical genre that mixes elements of house music and hip hop, that originated in both London, United Kingdom and Chicago, United States in the mid to late 1980s.", "music    entity is a style of electronic music that appeared in Chicago, mixing hip-hop and house music, with a speed oscillating around 125 bpm.", "sports team    entity are a professional ice hockey club located in Nuremberg, Germany. They play in the country's premier league, the Deutsche Eishockey Liga.", "sports team    entity are a German professional ice hockey club based in Nuremberg. It plays in the Deutsche Eishockey-Liga.", "actor    entity was an American sound engineer. He won an Oscar for Best Sound and was nominated for four more in the same category.", "actor    entity was an American sound engineer.", "war    entity was a battle of the American Civil War fought on July 4, 1863, in Helena, Arkansas. The battle was a failed Confederate attempt to relieve pressure on the besieged city of Vicksburg. The Union victory at Helena paved the way for the fall of Little Rock.", "war    entity is a Confederate attempt to lower the pressure on the beleaguered city of Vicksburg. Victory secures Eastern Arkansas for the United States", "actor    entity is a fictional character from the American television series Charmed, played by Alyssa Milano from October 7, 1998, until May 21, 2006. The character was originally played by Lori Rom in the unaired pilot episode. However, Rom quit the series, and a new pilot was filmed with Milano in the role of Phoebe. The character was created by Constance M. Burge and is based on Burge herself. Phoebe is introduced into Charmed as the youngest sister to Prue and Piper Halliwell . She is one of the original featured leads and, more specifically, a Charmed One \u2013 one of the most powerful witches of all time. Phoebe initially possesses the power of premonition, which enables her to see into the future and the past. To make up for initially only having a", "actor    entity is a fictional character from the television series Charmed. She is played by Alyssa Milano, who is also one of the producers of the series.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race that was held on 30 March 2014 at the Sepang International Circuit in Selangor, Malaysia.", "competition    entity is the 899th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950 and the second round of the 2014 championship. Qualifying session delayed by almost an hour by a tropical storm, and in which the three parties fought between the drops on a wet track in precarious conditions of grip and visibility, Lewis Hamilton confirms the supr", "video game    entity is a third-generation 8-bit home video game console manufactured by Sega. It was originally a remodeled export version of the Sega Mark III, the third iteration of the SG-1000 series of consoles, which was released in Japan in 1985 and featured enhanced graphical capabilities over its predecessors. entity launched in North America in 1986, followed by Europe in 1987, and Brazil in 1989. A Japanese version of the Master System was also launched in 1987, which features a few enhancements over the export models : a built-in FM audio chip, a rapid-fire switch, and a dedicated port for the 3D glasses. entity II, a cheaper model, was released in 1990 in North America, Australasia and Europe.", "video game    entity is an 8-bit video game console produced by Sega. In Japan it was released under the name Sega Mark III.", "school    entity is a 2013 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. The film tells the story of a rich Manhattan socialite who falls on hard times and has to move into her working-class sister's apartment in San Francisco.", "school    entity is a 2013 American film written and directed by Woody Allen.", "war    entity is sometimes referred to as the Six-Day War of Abkhazia; however, this name only takes into account the Abkhazian offensive that lasted from 20 to 26 May 1998, while hostilities and insurgent attacks had already occurred before that date.", "war    entity is known in Abkhazia as the Six-Day War, having been fought from May 20 to 26, 1998, although insurgent attacks occurred before that date.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player who currently plays for Spartak Moscow of the Kontinental Hockey League .", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a striker.", "music    entity is a Latin pop ballad written and performed by Colombian singer Shakira, released as the sixth official single from her 1998 multi-platinum album D\u8d38nde est\u8c29n los ladrones?. In the song, Shakira explains the sadness that she feels after a broken relationship and how she has let herself go, while she continues to wait for him to come back. It was a single only for radio, no video was shot for the song.", "music    entity is a Latin pop ballad written and performed by Colombian singer Shakira. It is the 5th single from her multi-platinum album \u00bfD\u00f3nde est\u00e1n los ladrones?. In the song, Shakira explains the sadness she feels after ending a romantic relationship and how she let herself wait for her lover to return. This was a radio-only release, so the single does not have a music video.", "music    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Slipknot. It was released as the second single and fourth track from their fourth studio album, All Hope Is Gone. The song entered airplay on June 26, 2008 and was originally planned for release as a digital single on July 1 but was delayed and released on July 8. Slipknot performed entity live for the first time on July 9, 2008, at the White River Amphitheatre in Auburn, Washington. In 2008, the song was featured on the soundtrack to Marvel's Punisher: War Zone. The song was also nominated for 'Best Metal Performance' for the 51st Grammy Awards, but lost to Metallica's \"My Apocalypse\", and was nominated for the Kerrang! Award for Best Single.", "music    entity is a song by heavy metal band Slipknot from the album All Hope Is Gone. This is the second single and fourth song from their fourth album, All Hope Is Gone. The song was scheduled for radio broadcast on June 28, 2008, and was originally scheduled for paid download on July 1, but was postponed and released for July 8.", "music    entity is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West, released as the second single from his fifth studio album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy . It features Pusha T, who is signed to West's label GOOD Music. The production was handled by West, alongside co-producers Emile, Jeff Bhasker, and Mike Dean. The composition features repetitive piano riffs, intricate samples and a production style with several similarities to West's album 808s & Heartbreak . Described as a deeply personal song in nature, it expresses West's thoughts on his failed relationships, and his acceptance of the media's perception of him. Lyrically the song explores criticism aimed at West in the past and serves as a \"toast to the douchebags.\"", "music    entity is a song by Kanye West in duet with Pusha-T of Clipse. This is the second single from the My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy album. The rapper introduced it during his performance at the MTV Video Music Awards on September 12, 2010. It was released on iTunes and Amazon.com on October 4, 2010.", "music    entity is the eleventh studio album by the English rock band Pink Floyd, released on 30 November 1979 by Harvest and Columbia Records. It is a rock opera that explores Pink, a jaded rock star whose eventual self-imposed isolation from society forms a figurative wall. The album was a commercial success, topping the US charts for 15 weeks and reaching number three in the UK. It initially received mixed reviews from critics, many of whom found it overblown and pretentious, but later received accolades as one of the greatest albums of all time and one of the band's finest works.", "music    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It appears on the album The Wall released in 1979, and, like most of the songs on the album, was written by Roger Waters. The song has been covered by Mushroomhead, among others.", "music    entity is a 1997 song inspired by the Polovtsian Dances of Borodin's opera Prince Igor. It was released as the lead single from the album, The Rapsody Overture in October 1997. The main vocals are performed by Warren G, the Russian refrain by acclaimed Norwegian soprano Sissel Kyrkjeb\u00f8 and the instrumental background is provided by The Rapsody. Warren G uses the same rap lyrics as in his song \"Reality\", available on the album Take a Look Over Your Shoulder. entity was very successful in Europe, peaking at number-one in Iceland and Norway. In addition, the single reached the top 10 in Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, the Netherlands and Sweden. On the Eurochart Hot 100, the song peaked at number six in January 1998. Outside Europe, it peaked at number 41 in", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Warren G and Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjeb\u00f8, released in 1997. It is the first single from the concept album The Rapsody Overture, on which rappers cover classical music. Thus, entity is inspired by the Polovtsian Dances from the opera entity by Russian composer Alexander Borodin. Warren G covers the lyrics of the song Reality, available on the album Take a Look Over Your Shoulder sor", "sportsman    entity is a Czech professional ice hockey player currently playing for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod in the Kontinental Hockey League. \u010cerm\u00e1k began playing for HC Slavia Prague in the Czech Extraliga and then for HC V\u00edtkovice before spending a season in the Russian Hockey League for Sibir Novosibirsk. He returned to the Czech Republic and split the next few years with Slavia Prague and HC B\u00edl\u00ed Tyg\u0159i Liberec. In 2008, \u010cerm\u00e1k returned to Russia and signed for Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the newly created KHL. He was released by the Ufa at the end of the 2008\u201309 season and signed a contract with Sibir Novosibirsk, where he started his career in Russia.", "sportsman    entity is a professional ice hockey player.", "actor    entity is a painting finished around 1515 by the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael. It is housed in the National Gallery of Art of Washington, D.C., United States. Bindo Altoviti was a rich banker born in Rome in 1491 of Florentine origin. He was a cultured man who liked the arts. A bronze bust of Altoviti by Benvenuto Cellini is exhibited in Boston at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.", "actor    entity is an oil painting on wood of 60 \u00d7 44 cm, dating from around 1514, by the painter Raphael, kept at the National Gallery in Washington.", "sportsman    entity is a professional tennis player from Thailand. He turned professional in 2004. In 2007, Sanchai and his twin brother Sonchat Ratiwatana won their first ATP doubles title in Bangkok. They won their second title at the Chennai Open in India in 2008. He reached World No. 39, his best doubles ranking, on 28 April 2008.", "sportsman    entity is a Thai tennis player, professional since 2004. He is a member of the Thailand Davis Cup team, like his twin brother Sonchat.", "city    entity is a town and sub-prefecture in the Nz\u00e9r\u00e9kor\u00e9 Prefecture in the Nz\u00e9r\u00e9kor\u00e9 Region of Guinea.", "city    entity is a city in Guinea and a sub-prefecture of the prefecture of Nz\u00e9r\u00e9kor\u00e9.", "city    entity is a town and municipality located in the Podunavlje District of eastern Serbia. As of 2011, the town has 16,088, while the municipality has 40,902 inhabitants. entity lies on the left bank of Velika Morava.", "city    entity is a town and municipality in Serbia located in the district of Podunavlje.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 27 March 1994 at the Aut\u00f3dromo Jos\u00e9 Carlos Pace, S\u00e3o Paulo. It was the first race of the 1994 Formula One World Championship. The 71-lap race was won by Michael Schumacher, driving a Benetton-Ford, after starting from second position. Local hero Ayrton Senna took pole position in his Williams-Renault and led before being overtaken by Schumacher at the first round of pit stops, after which he spun off. Senna's teammate Damon Hill finished second, with Jean Alesi third in a Ferrari.", "competition    Results of the 1994 Formula 1 Brazilian Grand Prix held at the Interlagos circuit in S\u00e3o Paulo on March 27.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish professional footballer who captains and plays as an midfielder for Major League Soccer club Austin FC.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish footballer, born April 9, 1991 in Helsinki. He plays as a defensive midfielder.", "video game    entity is an interactive fiction video game written by Steve Meretzky and released by Infocom in 1987. It was released for the Commodore 64, Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Apple II, Atari 8-bit family, Atari ST, and MS-DOS,. The game is a sequel to Planetfall, one of Infocom's most popular titles. It is Infocom's twenty-fifth game.", "video game    entity is an interactive fiction video game designed by Steve Meretzky and published by Infocom from 1987 on Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Apple II, Atari 8-bit, Atari ST, Commodore 64, DOS and Apple Macintosh. It follows Planetfall, published in 1983.", "army    entity was a military decoration in the Kingdom of Prussia, and later in the German Empire and Nazi Germany . King Frederick William III of Prussia established it on 17 March 1813 during the Napoleonic Wars . The award was backdated to the birthday of his late wife, Queen Louise. Louise was the first person to receive this decoration . The recommissioned Iron Cross was also awarded during the Franco-Prussian War , World War I , and World War II . entity awarded during World War II has a swastika in the center. entity was usually a military decoration only, though there were instances awarded to civilians for performing military functions, su", "army    entity is a German military decoration that was established as a military honor by King Frederick William III of Prussia in 1813 during the Napoleonic Wars. In the 21st century, it is the symbol of the Bundeswehr.", "music    entity is a 2001 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was one of the singles from the soundtrack album for the film Rugrats in Paris: The Movie . With its lyrics written by Farmer and the song being composed and produced by her long-time songwriting collaborator Laurent Boutonnat, entity was released on 27 February 2001. The song describes the fairy M\u00e9lusine with \"childish\" lyrics that contrast with double entendres and puns referring to sexual practices. Although the single had no music video nor airplay promotion, it received generally positive reviews from critics and reached top-ten charts in France and Belgium.", "music    entity is Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's thirty-fourth single released on February 27, 2001, taken from the soundtrack of the film Les Rugrats \u00e0 Paris, le film.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by the American hip-hop artist Queen Latifah. The album was released in the United States on September 25, 2007 by Verve Records. The album reached No. 1 on the Billboard Jazz Albums chart.", "music    entity is Queen Latifah's sixth studio album, released on September 25, 2007.", "actor    entity was an Italian noblewoman and member of the Gherardini family of Florence and Tuscany. Her name was given to the Mona Lisa, her portrait commissioned by her husband and painted by Leonardo da Vinci during the Italian Renaissance. In the centuries after Lisa's death, the Mona Lisa became the world's most famous painting. In 2005, Lisa was definitively identified as the model for the Mona Lisa.", "actor    entity is a member of the Gherardini family from Florence, Italy. She would be the model for La Joconde, a portrait commissioned by her husband and painted by Leonardo da Vinci. Little is known about Lisa's life.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Buczek, within \u0141ask County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres west of Buczek, 10 km south of \u0141ask, and 41 km south-west of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Buczek, \u0141ask County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres south-west of Przasnysz and 81 km north of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Krasne in Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Deux-S\u00e8vres department in western France.", "airport    entity is a town in the center-west of France located in the department of Deux-S\u00e8vres in the Poitou-Charentes region.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race that was held on 19 April 2015 at the Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir, Bahrain. The race was the fourth round of the 2015 season and marked the eleventh time that the Bahrain Grand Prix has been run as a round of the Formula One World Championship.", "competition    entity is the 920 round of the Formula 1 World Championship run since 1950 and the fourth round of the 2015 championship. As in 2014, the second free practice session, qualifying and the race are contested at night.", "music    entity is a song by British group 10cc, written by band members Eric Stewart and Graham Gouldman. It is known for its innovative and distinctive backing track, composed mostly of the band's multitracked vocals. Released in the UK in May 1975 as the second single from the band's third album, The Original Soundtrack, it became the second of the group's three number-one singles in the UK between 1973 and 1978, topping the UK Singles Chart for two weeks. entity became the band's breakthrough hit outside the United Kingdom, topping the charts in Canada and the Republic of Ireland as well as peaking within the top ten of the charts in several other countries, including Australia, Germany, New Zealand, Norway and the United States.", "music    entity is a song by the group 10cc, released in 1975 and taken from the album The Original Soundtrack. Also released as a single, it ranked 1st in the UK and 2nd in the US and allowed the British group to break through abroad. It remains one of 10cc's best-known songs.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Fall Out Boy, released as the lead single for the band's fifth studio album, Save Rock and Roll. It serves as the band's first single following the group's three-year hiatus and regrouping in early 2013. The track and its music video were released on February 4, 2013, worldwide and February 5, 2013, in North America, to coincide with the official news of the band's reformation. The song impacted radio on February 19, 2013. The band members felt that the song best represented their album at its core.", "music    entity is the first single from American band Fall Out Boy's Save Rock and Roll album after their five-year hiatus. The song is written and composed by Butch Walker, John Hill, Patrick Stump, Andy Hurley, Joe Trohman, Pete Wentz. Walker is the director!", "movie    entity was an independent American filmmaker. Rogosin worked in political cinema, non-fiction partisan filmmaking and docufiction, influenced by Italian neorealism and Robert Flaherty.", "movie    entity is an independent American filmmaker best known for working outside the Hollywood system in the 1950s.", "actor    entity was a South Korean girl group formed by JYP Entertainment. The group debuted in February 2007 with the single \"Irony\" and 5 members: Yeeun, Sunye, Sunmi, Hyuna and Sohee. After Hyuna's departure in July, Yubin was added into the group prior to the release of their debut studio album, The Wonder Years . The album spawned the hit single \"Tell Me,\" which topped various South Korea's on and offline music charts.", "actor    entity is a South Korean Kpop girl band produced by JYP Entertainment since 2007. The group has 5 girls aged 21 to 24 : Sunye, Hye-rim, sohee, Ye-eun and Yoobin. All were selected through auditions. The entity had three consecutive number 1 singles in the Korean charts.", "city    entity is a municipality in the Elbe-Elster district, in Brandenburg, Germany.", "city    entity is a municipality in Brandenburg, located in the district of Elbe-Elster.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Czosn\u00f3w, which lies approximately 7 kilometres south-east of Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki and 26 km north-west of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 128.34 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 8,743 . Famous people - Winer of from 2021. He won by defeating grandmaster", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its administrative seat is the village of entity, which lies approximately 7 kilometers southeast of Nowy Dw\u00f3r Mazowiecki and 26 kilometers northwest of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b128.34 km2 with a population of 8,743. in 2006.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within \u0141\u00f3d\u017a East County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Nowosolna, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a - East County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "sports team    entity was an Italian professional ice hockey team from Milan. Founded in 1998 as Hockey Club Junior Milano, was renamed Vipers in 2000.In June 2008 the organization was disbanded and replaced with Hockey Milano Rossoblu, a new club that employs much of the same office staff, but does not benefit from the same fundings and operates on a significantly tighter budget.During their short History, the Vipers won 5 Scudetti, 3 Italy Cups and 3 Italian Super Cups.", "sports team    entity was an ice hockey club in Milan, Italy.", "music    entity is the tenth single by High and Mighty Color; it was released on August 1, 2007.", "music    entity is the 12th single from High and Mighty Color released under SME Records on August 1, 2007 in Japan. It reached number 24 on the Oricon chart. It sold 5,126 copies in the first week and remained charted for 4 weeks, for a total of 8,000 copies sold. entity was used as the 2nd ending credits for the DARKER THAN BLACK -Kuro no Keiyakusha- anime. entity can be found on the 10 Color Singles compilation.", "music    entity is the debut solo album by American rapper Prodigy. The album was scheduled for a September release but ultimately released November 14, 2000. After four Mobb Deep albums, Prodigy took a temporary break from the group and released his first solo effort. \"entity\" is an initialism for \"Head Nigga In Charge.\" Prodigy enlisted a number of producers for the album, including The Alchemist, EZ Elpee, Rockwilder, Just Blaze and his Mobb Deep partner Havoc. Music videos were done for \"Keep It Thoro\" and \"Y.B.E\" . The album received universal widespread critical acclaim. The song \"Keep It Thoro\" was released on vinyl.", "music    entity is the debut solo studio album from rapper Prodigy, who is also a member, along with Havoc, of Mobb Deep.", "singer    entity is a Christian record label, an imprint of Tooth & Nail Records. Unlike Tooth & Nail, Solid State signs hardcore punk and heavy metal bands. Like Tooth & Nail, Solid State is primarily a Christian label. However, they have signed several bands with Christian members that don't label themselves as Christian bands, including Stretch Arm Strong, Gwen Stacy, He Is Legend, the Famine, Training for Utopia, and the Agony Scene.", "singer    entity is a Christian metal recording label, part of the Tooth & Nail Records division. Although working primarily with Christian groups, entity also works with secular groups, such as Stretch Arm Strong, Gwen Stacy or The Famine.", "music    entity is the second studio album by the Scottish musical group The Beta Band, released on 16 July 2001. Colin \"C-Swing\" Emmanuel and the band co-produced the album. The band's previous work had used dense experimentation but entity had a minimal style influenced by R&B, hip hop and electronica.", "music    entity is a studio album, composed by the Scottish musical group The Beta Band, released in 2001.", "music    entity is the debut solo studio album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on 26 March 1996 by Vertigo Records internationally and Warner Bros. Records in the United States. Following a successful career leading British rock band Dire Straits and composing a string of critically acclaimed film soundtrack albums, Knopfler recorded his first solo album, drawing upon the various musical influences he'd engaged since emerging as a major recording artist in 1978. The album reached the top-10 position on charts in Austria, Belgium, Finland, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. The album peaked at 105 on the Billboard 200 in the United States.", "music    entity is Mark Knopfler's first solo album, released in 1996. It differs from the later Dire Straits albums by a quieter mood overall, and a greater number of ballads.", "music    entity is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her second Christmas album and thirteenth studio album, Merry Christmas II You . Carey wrote and produced the song in collaboration with Jermaine Dupri and Bryan-Michael Cox. It was released as the lead single from the album on October 1, 2010 by Island Def Jam Records. It is an up-tempo R&B song about Carey making a plea for Santa Claus to bring back her partner in time for the Christmas holidays. It received a positive response from music critics, with many praising its composition and style.", "music    entity is the first single from the opus Merry Christmas II You by American singer Mariah Carey, released October 11, 2010.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Susanne Sundf\u00f8r, released on 16 February 2015 by the label Warner Music Norway. Sundf\u00f8r began writing her sixth album in 2012 with the intention of it being about violence, but as she noticed themes of love and relationships coming into place of all the songs she was writing for the album, she titled the LP entity.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by Norwegian artist Susanne Sundf\u00f8r.", "city    entity is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the town has a population of 260 people.", "city    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Bujanovac, district of P\u010dinja .", "singer    entity is a British rapper, singer, record producer and activist. Her songs contain evocative political and social commentary regarding immigration, warfare and identity in a globalised world. Her music combines elements of alternative, dance, electronic, hip hop and world music with eclectic instruments and samples.", "singer    entity is a British singer-songwriter, painter and filmmaker. Her nickname \"MIA\" is both a nod to her own name and a reference to the abbreviation for Missing in Action. His compositions combine elements of electronic, dance, alternative, hip-hop and world music. MIA", "royal    entity was the second United States Secretary of the Navy from 1801 to 1809 and the sixth United States Secretary of State from 1809 to 1811. He was the brother of Senator Samuel Smith.", "royal    entity was an American politician, Second Secretary of the United States Navy from 1801 to 1809, and Sixth Secretary of State from 1809 to 1811.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game by Success for the Nintendo DS. The game is divided into 3 different logic-based picture puzzle games: Maze Paint, Drawing and Magipic.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game developed by Success, released in 2006 for the Nintendo DS. Its gameplay is inspired by the principle of picross.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Bas-Rhin in the Alsace region.", "sportsman    entity is a former Northern Ireland international footballer and is now working in management. He was capped 46 times for his country, and is one of Northern Ireland's top goalscorers, having found the net 12 times at senior level. He also enjoyed a successful club career, scoring 210 goals in the Football League alone, and has enjoyed some success as a manager, including winning promotion to the Football League with Shrewsbury Town in 2004 and taking Reading to the brink of the Premier League in 1995.", "sportsman    entity is a former footballer from Northern Ireland.", "sports team    entity is a Belarusian professional tennis player.", "sports team    entity is a Belarusian tennis player, professional since 2007.", "actor    entity was an American actor. He appeared in numerous motion pictures, including The Godfather Part II , The Front , Once Upon a Time in America , The Purple Rose of Cairo , Moonstruck , Harlem Nights , Jacob's Ladder , Hudson Hawk , Ruby , L\u00e9on: The Professional , 2 Days in the Valley , Dinner Rush , and Lucky Number Slevin . He played Don Domenico Clericuzio in the miniseries The Last Don .", "actor    entity is an American actor.", "royal    entity was a British judge and diplomat, Chief Justice of Saint Lucia and Governor of Sierra Leone. He was given an award in 1836 for advancing \"negro freedom\" after accusing the judges in Mauritius of bias. He understood that colour prejudice and slavery were different problems.", "royal    entity was a British judge, diplomat and colonial administrator. He was notably responsible for the abolition of slavery in Mauritius.Law Portal Law Portal International Relations Portal International Relations Portal British Empire Portal British Empire Portal Slavery Portal Slavery Portal", "music    entity is the second live album by English musician David Bowie, recorded on the Isolar II Tour, and released by RCA Records in 1978. First UK pressings were on translucent yellow vinyl and some European pressings were also available on blue vinyl. Since its original release, entity has been reissued numerous times, each with expanded track listings.", "music    entity is David Bowie's second live album, released in 1978. It reached fifth in the UK charts and 44th in the US.", "body of water    entity is a headwater tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 183 miles long, in Wyoming and Montana. Its confluence with the Jefferson and Gallatin rivers near Three Forks, Montana forms the Missouri River. The river was named in July 1805 by Meriwether Lewis at Three Forks. The central fork of the three, it was named for U.S. Secretary of State James Madison, who would succeed Thomas Jefferson as President in 1809. The western fork, the largest, was named for President Jefferson and the east fork for Treasury Secretary Albert Gallatin.", "body of water    entity is one of the rivers that flow upstream from the Missouri.", "broadcast    entity is the national broadcaster of the United Kingdom. Headquartered at Broadcasting House in London, it is the world's oldest national broadcaster, and the largest broadcaster in the world by number of employees, employing over 22,000 staff in total, of whom approximately 19,000 are in public-sector broadcasting.", "broadcast    entity is a British radio and television program production and broadcasting company. Headquartered in the United Kingdom, it is a non-departmental public body responsible for the media. The BBC enjoys a reputation for cultural excellence, and is sometimes affectionately referred to as 'The Beeb' or 'Auntie' by the British.", "sportsman    entity is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back or defensive midfielder for Serie B club Monza.", "sportsman    entity is an Italian footballer playing as a midfielder in the Juventus FC club.", "sports team    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing with the Malm\u00f6 Redhawks of the Swedish Hockey League .", "sports team    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "war    entity is a 1952 Japanese drama film directed by Kaneto Shind\u014d. It was entered into the 1953 Cannes Film Festival.", "war    entity is a 1952 Japanese film written and directed by Kaneto Shind\u014d.", "movie    entity is a 2015 American found-footage comedy horror film written, co-produced and directed by M. Night Shyamalan and starring Olivia DeJonge, Ed Oxenbould, Deanna Dunagan, Peter McRobbie, and Kathryn Hahn. The film centers around two young siblings, teenage Becca and her preteen younger brother Tyler who live with their single divorced mother, who had left home 15 years ago and is estranged from her parents. After finding their grandchildren online and wanting to meet them, the grandparents invite them to spend a week at their farmhouse, while their mother goes on a cruise with her boyfriend.", "movie    entity is an American comedy horror film co-produced, written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan and slated for release in 2015.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the National Hockey League . Jackman was born in Toronto, Ontario.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "singer    entity is an American heavy metal drummer. DeGrasso was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and graduated from Liberty High School in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in 1981 where he was a member of the Grenadier Band. DeGrasso played his first gigs with Mama's Boys and Lita Ford before eventually working with Y&T and Megadeth,. Also as session or touring musician for White Lion , Fiona , Suicidal Tendencies , MD.45 , Alice Cooper .", "singer    entity is an American drummer born March 16, 1963 in Bethlehem.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, featuring Fun's lead singer Nate Ruess. It features production from Emile Haynie, Jeff Bhasker, and Eminem himself. In the song, Eminem apologizes to his mother, Debbie Mathers, for criticizing her in his earlier songs and for showing scorn and resentment towards her in the past. It was released on February 5, 2014 as the album's fifth and the final single. It peaked at number 45 on the Billboard Hot 100.", "music    entity is a song written and performed by American rapper Eminem. This title is the fifteenth track of The Marshall Mathers LP 2, the eighth studio album of the rapper released in 2013. The singer Nate Ruess, leader of the indie pop group Fun, collaborates for the first time with Eminem by lending his voice to the chorus, at the introduction and at the bridge. The song is produced by Emile Haynie who had already worked with Eminem as well as Fun, Jeff Bhasker who co-wrote the title We Are Youn", "music    entity is the tenth track on Michael Jackson's 1991 studio album, Dangerous. The single peaked at number one in Ireland and in New Zealand for four consecutive weeks, and at number two on the UK Singles Chart. Stylistically, entity is a hard rock ballad that featured Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash, who also had solos on \"D.S.\", \"Morphine\" and \"Privacy\". Some suggest that the song, also considered a heavy metal ballad, has an aggressive sexual flavor. The single was released in Europe, Australia and New Zealand only. The single release's B-sides include the album versions of \"Dirty Diana\" and \"Beat It\".", "music    entity is a song by Michael Jackson which appears on track 10 of the album Dangerous. The single of the same name, released in February 1993 is the 7th title taken from the album.", "music    entity is a Canadian singer-songwriter, composer, musician and record producer based in Montreal. His compositional style is eclectic, blending acoustic, electric and electronic elements into distinct soundscapes. His compositions have appeared on record, in television series and feature films. His productions have covered many styles of music, from house music to tango and from rock to Arabic. His performances on record include various guitars, basses, keyboards, and percussion instruments, as well as more exotic instruments such as oud and didgeridoo. He has played hundreds of shows in Canada, the United States, Europe, The Middle East, Australia, Ha\u8302ti, and exotic locations such as the North Pole and the jungles of East Timor.", "music    entity is a Canadian singer-songwriter, musician and record producer based in Montreal. His style of composition is eclectic, mixing genres and incorporating acoustic, electric and electronic elements. His compositions have appeared on record, in television series and feature films. His achievements have touched many styles of music, from house to tango and from rock to Arabic music.", "music    entity is a song by English electronic music band Depeche Mode. It was released as the lead single from their seventh studio album, Violator , in 1989. It reached No. 13 on the UK Singles Chart and No. 28 on the Billboard Hot 100. The single was their first to make the US Top 40 since 1984's \"People Are People\", and was their first gold-certified single in the US . In Germany, entity is one of the band's longest-charting songs, staying on the singles chart for 23 weeks.", "music    entity is a Depeche Mode song composed by Martin Gore and sung by Dave Gahan which appears on the Violator album. It is the band's 23rd single, released by Mute Records on August 29, 1989, featuring Dangerous as the B-side.", "city    entity is the third-largest city and second-largest urban area of France. It is located at the confluence of the rivers Rh\u00f4ne and Sa\u00f4ne, about 470 km southeast of Paris, 320 km north of Marseille and 56 km northeast of Saint-\u00c9tienne.", "city    entity is a town located in the south-east of France, at the confluence of the Rh\u00f4ne and the Sa\u00f4ne. It is the capital of the metropolis of entity, of the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region, and the seat of the Rh\u00f4ne department. Its inhabitants are called entitynais.entity is at a geographical crossroads, north of the natural corridor of the Rh\u00f4ne valley.", "language    entity is an East Slavic language native to Russia in Eastern Europe. It is a part of the Indo-European language family, and is one of four living East Slavic languages, and also part of the larger Balto-Slavic branch. entity is an official language in Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan, and is used widely as a lingua franca throughout Ukraine, the Caucasus, Central Asia, and to some extent in the Baltic states. It was the de facto language of the Soviet Union until its dissolution; and continues to be used in public life with varying proficiency in most of the post-Soviet states.", "language    entity is a language belonging to the East Slavic group of the Indo-European language family, to which Ukrainian and Belarusian also belong. It has over 280 million speakers.", "music    entity is a song recorded by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation for their fourth Korean-language studio album of the same name. It was released on January 1, 2013, by S.M. Entertainment and KT Music. Produced by the group's long-time collaborator Yoo Young-jin and Will Simms, the song is described as a hybrid of various genres including bubblegum pop, dance, and electropop.", "music    entity is a song by South Korean girl group Girls' Generation for their fourth Korean studio album of the same name. It was released on January 1, 2013 under the SM Entertainment and KT Music labels. Produced by Yoo Young-jin and Will Simms, the song is described as a hybrid of several genres such as bubblegum pop, dance and electropop.", "language    entity was a philosopher, a highly decorated Imperial German soldier, author, and entomologist who became publicly known for his World War I memoir Storm of Steel.", "language    entity is a German writer.As a contemporary and witness to European history of the 20th century, J\u00fcnger took part in the two world wars in the shock troops during the first and in the uniform of the Wehrmacht as an officer of occupation military administration in Paris from 1941.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by American recording artist Mary J. Blige. An R&B album that was released on December 18, 2007, by Geffen Records, it debuted at number 2 on the Billboard 200, selling 629,000 copies in its first week, and reached number one in January 2008. entity was ranked number 29 on Rolling Stone's list of the Top 50 Albums of 2007 and was eventually certified Platinum by RIAA.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by Mary J. Blige, released on December 18, 2007.", "sports team    entity is a German-born Belarusian professional ice hockey coach and former player. Grabovski currently serves as an assistant coach for HC Dinamo Minsk in the Kontinental Hockey League . Prior to his coaching career, Grabovski played as a centre in the National Hockey League for 10 seasons.", "sports team    entity is a bi-national Russian professional hockey player. He plays with the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day. It is the fourth track from their seventh studio album American Idiot . Reprise Records released entity as the second single from American Idiot on November 29, 2004. The song's lyrics were written by lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong, and the music was composed by the band. Production was handled by Rob Cavallo and Green Day.", "music    entity is a song by American punk rock band Green Day, and the fourth single from their seventh album, American Idiot, released in 2004. It received the Grammy Award for Recording of the Year in 2006", "music    entity is a song written and performed by John Lennon, originally released on his debut solo album John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band . The song's theme is more upbeat than most of the songs on Plastic Ono Band.", "music    entity is a song by John Lennon released in 1970 on his solo album John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band. It was reissued in 1982 as a single on the occasion of the release of the compilation The John Lennon Collection. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Chanson section", "actor    entity was a Royal Navy officer noted for his exploits during the Second World War. Walker was the most successful anti-submarine warfare commander during the Battle of the Atlantic and was known more popularly as Johnnie Walker .", "actor    entity is a Royal Navy officer famous for his exploits during the Second World WarWalker was the most efficient anti-submarine warfare specialist in this conflict, with 21 U-boats to his credit during the Battle of the Atlantic.", "city    entity is a department in the western part of the \u00cele-de-France region in Northern France. In 2016, it had a population of 1,431,808. Its prefecture is Versailles, home to the Palace of Versailles, the principal residence of the King of France from 1682 until 1789, a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1979. entity' subprefectures are Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Mantes-la-Jolie and Rambouillet.", "city    entity is a French department, belonging to the great crown of the \u00cele-de-France region. Created in 1964, it is the largest of the departments resulting from the dismemberment of the former Seine-et-Oise and the ninth largest French department by population. Insee and the Post Office assign it the code 78 taken from the former Seine-et-Oise. Its general council is chaired by Pierre B\u00e9dier.", "actor    entity was an American sound engineer. He won five Academy Awards in the category Sound Recording and was nominated for eleven more in the same category. He was also nominated four times in the category Best Visual Effects.", "actor    entity was an American sound engineer.", "city    entity is a town, a municipality, and the capital of the Swiss canton of Neuch\u00e2tel on Lake Neuch\u00e2tel.", "city    entity is a city in Switzerland, capital of the canton of entity and of the district of entity. Located on the shores of Lake entity, on the southern flank of the Jura massif, it faces the chain of the Alps. entity was mentioned for the first time in 1011. It was managed by the counts of entity until 1458, then passed under the authority of the Orl\u00e9ans-Longueville family until 1707.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Maine-et-Loire in the Pays de la Loire region.", "government    entity was a socialist and later social-democratic political party in Italy, whose history stretched for longer than a century, making it one of the longest-living parties of the country. Prior to World War I, future dictator Benito Mussolini was a member of the PSI.", "government    entity is a former Italian political party, of the social democratic type.", "competition    entity is a motor racing circuit in England, near the Northamptonshire villages of Silverstone and Whittlebury. It is the current home of the British Grand Prix, which it first hosted as the 1948 British Grand Prix. The 1950 British Grand Prix at Silverstone was the first race in the newly created World Championship of Drivers. The race rotated between Silverstone, Aintree and Brands Hatch from 1955 to 1986, but settled permanently at the Silverstone track in 1987. The circuit also hosts the British round of the MotoGP series.", "competition    entity is a motor racing circuit located in Silverstone, England. Half of the circuit is in Northamptonshire, the other half in Buckinghamshire. It lies between the towns of Milton Keynes, Northampton and Oxford.", "war    entity is an adventure CD-ROM game published by Activision in 1996. It details the attempted assassination of the President of the United States and the CIA and SVR attempts to save him. Although the game was not approved by either organization, it tends to favour realism due to its coordination with former CIA director William Colby and former KGB Major-General Oleg Kalugin, who also appear in the game as themselves. The game also stars James Karen, Dennis Lipscomb, Joseph Ruskin, Tim De Zarn, Kirk B.R. Woller, , Chase Masterson and Charles Napier in prominent roles.", "war    entity is an adventure video game developed and published by Activision, released in 1996 on CD-ROM.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 25 August 1996 at Spa-Francorchamps. It was the thirteenth race of the 1996 FIA Formula One World Championship.", "competition    Results of the 1996 Formula 1 Belgian Grand Prix which took place at the Spa-Francorchamps circuit on August 25th.", "airport    entity is a commune in Normandy, France, capital of the Orne department. It is situated 173 kilometres west of Paris. entity belongs to the intercommunality of entity .", "airport    entity is a French commune, prefecture of the department of Orne, located in the Basse-Normandie region. The city is located in the south of the department of Orne and of the Basse-Normandie region. It is therefore an eccentric prefecture in relation to the departmental territory.", "music    entity is a song written by Robbie Robertson and originally recorded by the Canadian-American roots rock group The Band in 1969 and released on their eponymous second album. Levon Helm provided the lead vocals. The song is a first-person narrative relating the economic and social distress experienced by the protagonist, a poor white Southerner, during the last year of the American Civil War, when George Stoneman was raiding southwest Virginia. The song appeared at number 245 on Rolling Stone magazine's list of the 500 greatest songs of all time.", "music    entity is a song by The Band, recorded in 1969 and released on their self-titled second album.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on October 9, 1977, at Mosport Park. It was the 16th and penultimate race of the 1977 Formula One season.", "competition    Results of the 1977 Formula 1 Canadian Grand Prix held at the Mosport Park circuit on October 9, 1977.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Ryan Adams, released September 25, 2001 on Lost Highway Records. The album remains Adams' best-selling album, certifying entity in the UK and going on to sell 364,000 copies in the U.S. and 812,000 worldwide. Adams noted that \"with entity, I was trying to prove something to myself. I wanted to invent a modern classic.\" Adams' friend and former roommate Adam Duritz lends background vocals to several tracks.", "music    entity is an album by Ryan Adams, released in 2001.", "music    entity is an American specialty record label and production company founded in 1978. It is currently the catalog division for Warner Music Group. Its current CEO is Mark Pinkus.", "music    entity is an American record label belonging to the Warner group. He specializes in the reissue of historic pop, rock'n'roll and RnB albums.", "sports team    entity is a German professional sports club based in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony. The club grew out of a multi-sports club for Volkswagen workers in the city of Wolfsburg. It is best known for its football department, but other departments include badminton, handball and athletics. Professional football is run by the spin-off organization VfL Wolfsburg-Fu\u00dfball GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group. Since 2002, Wolfsburg's stadium is the Volkswagen Arena.", "sports team    entity is a German multi-sports club based in Wolfsburg in the Land of Lower Saxony, whose football section plays in the Bundesliga 1, the first division of German football. Since June 2009, the club has been chaired by the Spaniard Francisco Javier Garc\u00eda Sanz and the first team is currently coached by Dieter Hecking, who has landed from the 1.", "video game    entity is an American video game publisher based in Burbank, California, and part of Warner Bros. Home Entertainment. WBIE was founded on January 14, 2004 under Warner Bros. and transferred to the Home Entertainment division when that company was formed in October 2005. WBIE manages the wholly owned game development studios TT Games, Rocksteady Studios, NetherRealm Studios, Monolith Productions, WB Games Boston, Avalanche Software, and WB Games Montr\u00e9al, among others.", "video game    entity is a subsidiary of Warner Bros. specializing in the publishing, design and distribution of video games. Under the WBIE umbrella is the Warner Bros. Games, which is responsible for the creation, development and production of so-called \u201cfirst-party\u201d games for internal studios.", "music    entity is a song by Swedish producer Basshunter. It was released digitally in the United Kingdom on 18 July 2010 as the lead single from his forthcoming fourth studio album. The song samples Reel 2 Real's \"I Like to Move It\". entity peaked at number twenty-one on the UK Singles Chart and at number five on the UK Dance Chart. In Ireland it peaked at number thirty-seven.", "music    entity is a dance-pop song by Swedish DJ Basshunter. It was released in the UK on July 18, 2010 and is the lead single from her fourth studio album. The song is a cover of I Like to Move It by Reel 2 Real. entity charted at number 21 on the UK Singles Chart and number 5 on the UK Dance Chart.", "video game    entity is a video game written by Michael Riedel for the Commodore 64 and published by First Star Software in 1984. A port for the Atari 8-bit family was released simultaneously. It is a two-player, split-screen game, based on Mad magazine's long-running cartoon strip entity, about the slapstick antics of two spies trying to kill each other with improbably elaborate traps and weapons.", "video game    entity is a video game published in 1984 by First Star Software. For two players in split screen, the game takes the spies from the comic book entity from Mad magazine. First released on Atari 8-bit, Commodore 64 and Apple II, it was then ported to Acorn Electron, Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, BBC Micro, Commodore 16, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, MSX, NES, Master System, Sharp X1 and ZX Spectrum.", "actor    entity is a British clinical psychologist and professor of developmental psychopathology at the University of Cambridge. He is the director of the university's Autism Research Centre and a Fellow of Trinity College. In 1985, Baron-Cohen formulated the mind-blindness theory of autism, the evidence for which he collated and published in 1995. In 1997, he formulated the fetal sex steroid theory of autism, the key test of which was published in 2015.", "actor    entity is a Professor of Developmental Psychopathology in the Departments of Psychiatry and Experimental Psychology at the University of Cambridge in the United Kingdom. At this university, he is director of the Autism Research Center.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in northwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 72 inhabitants.", "music    entity is a genre of electronic music that grew out of reggae in the late 1960s and early 1970s, and is commonly considered a subgenre, though it has developed to extend beyond the scope of reggae. The style consists predominantly of partly or completely instrumental remixes of existing recordings and is achieved by significantly manipulating and reshaping the recordings, usually through the removal of some or all of the vocals, emphasis of the rhythm section , the application of studio effects such as echo and reverb, and the occasional dubbing of vocal or instrumental snippets from the original version or other works. It was an early form of popular electronic music.", "music    entity is a musical genre derived from Jamaican reggae, a remixing made in real time from magnetic tapes by sound engineers. It is, originally, a radical remix that highlights the rhythmic couple bass + drums and sound effects. Invented, developed and perfected by Jamaican sound engineer King Tubby, it enjoyed its heyday in the 1970s.", "music    entity is an American record label owned by the Universal Music Group. It was founded by Berry Gordy Jr. as Tamla Records on January 12, 1959, and incorporated as Motown Record Corporation on April 14, 1960. Its name, a portmanteau of motor and town, has become a nickname for Detroit, where the label was originally headquartered. Following the events of the Detroit Riots of 1967, and the loss of key songwriting/production team Holland\u2013Dozier\u2013Holland that year over pay disputes, Gordy moved Motown to Los Angeles, California. Motown expanded into film and television production.", "music    entity is an American record company that is part of Universal Music Group. Motown was founded on January 12, 1959 by Berry Gordy in Detroit, Michigan. The name Motown is the contraction of Motor Town, \"the city of the engine\", the nickname of Detroit which was then the capital of automobile production.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Piotrk\u00f3w Trybunalski, although the city is not part of the county . The only towns in entity are Sulej\u00f3w, which lies 15 km east of Piotrk\u00f3w Trybunalski, and Wolb\u00f3rz .", "city    entity is a county in the \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship in Poland .", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France. The village is a member of the Les Plus Beaux Villages de France association. Its vineyards produce one of the finest Alsacian wines: the Grand Cru .", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Bas-Rhin department, in the Alsace region. The village is classified among the most beautiful villages in France.", "war    entity is the third studio album by American post-hardcore band At the Drive-In, released on September 12, 2000. The album combines an aggressive edge with a melodic drive, harmonious, emotive vocals, and surreal lyrics. While it continues in the alternative style of At the Drive-In's previous albums, entity is seen as a more well-rounded album than its predecessors. Initially received positively by critics, the album is now seen not only as one of the most influential post-hardcore albums of the 2000s, but also as one of the most accomplished recent works in the wider rock spectrum. entity was voted twelfth out of 100 in the Albums of the Decade by NME, and the 37th most influential album of all time by Kerrang!.", "war    entity is the third studio album by American post-hardcore band At the Drive-In, released on September 12, 2000 by Fearless Records and Grand Royal.", "royal    entity is noted for his military success and for restoring royal authority after the disastrous and unorthodox reign of his father, Edward II. Edward III transformed the Kingdom of England into one of the most formidable military powers in Europe. His fifty-year reign was the second-longest in medieval English history, and saw vital developments in legislation and government, in particular the evolution of the English Parliament, as well as the ravages of the Black Death. He outlived his eldest son, Edward the Black Prince, and the throne passed to his grandson, Richard II.", "royal    Edward III of England, Count of Chester, Count of Ponthieu and Montreuil on September 2, 1325, then King of England and Duke of Guyenne on January 25, 1327.", "war    entity is a 1953 American film noir crime film directed by Fritz Lang starring Glenn Ford, Gloria Grahame, and Jocelyn Brando about a cop who takes on the crime syndicate that controls his city. William P. McGivern's serial in The Saturday Evening Post, published as a novel in 1953, was the basis for the screenplay, written by former crime reporter Sydney Boehm. The film was selected for inclusion in the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress in 2011.", "war    entity is an American film directed by Fritz Lang, released in 1953.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg. It was released on August 4, 1998, by No Limit Records in the United States. It is his first album following his departure from Death Row Records in early 1998. It is the first Snoop Dogg album to have notable affiliates such as Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg, Warren G and others absent. It was also his first album to be released under a slight change to his stage name \"Snoop Dogg\" for contractual reasons.", "music    entity is Snoop Dogg's third studio album, released on August 4, 1998.", "video game    entity is an American video game, film and television company founded in 1994 by special-effects and computer-animation veterans Sherry McKenna and Lorne Lanning. The company is primarily known for the Oddworld, series of video games about the fictional planet of Oddworld and its native creatures. The series debuted with Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee in 1997 and continued with Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee in 2001 but the studio has also developed standalone titles Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus in 1998 and Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath in 2005.", "video game    entity is a video game development studio, founded in 1994 in San Luis Obispo, California. Originally, the company was born as Off World Entertainment Inc., a subsidiary of Creative Programming and Technology Ventures, but entity is also used to refer to it from its inception. In 1996, GT Interactive Software bought 50% of the company. GTIS distributes the first Oddworld game: Abe's Odyssey.", "singer    entity is a Slovenian ice hockey goaltender. He participated at the 2011 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Slovenia men's national ice hockey team.", "singer    entity is a Slovenian professional ice hockey player.", "company    entity is an American energy company based in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Its core business is natural gas processing and transportation, with additional petroleum and electricity generation assets. A Fortune 500 company, its common stock is a component of the S&P 500.", "company    entity is an American energy company. Its headquarters are located in Tulsa. It works mainly in the field of exploration, production, transformation and transportation of natural gas. It also has oil and power generation interests.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American rapper Nas, released on November 23, 1999 by Ill Will and Columbia Records. It was originally scheduled to be released as a follow-up composed of material from sessions for his previous album I Am..., also released in 1999. Due to bootlegging of the material, Nas recorded separate songs for entity to meet its November release date.", "music    entity is Nas' fourth studio album, released in 1999.", "music    entity is the tenth studio album by English rock and roll singer Joe Jackson, released in 1989. Jackson has stated that the album and the songs themselves were an examination of his generation as the 1980s were ending, ranging from the optimism of the 1950s to the politics of terrorism and the Cold War , to yuppies and rockers who are well past their prime . The title track compares the legacy of a classic rock musician who died young with the current wannabes .", "music    entity is Joe Jackson's ninth studio album, released in April 1989.", "music    entity is a song from Pink Floyd's 1983 album The Final Cut. This song was one of several to be considered for the band's \"best of\" album, Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd.", "music    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It is the second title of the album The Final Cut, published in 1983. It was never played in concert. The chorus \u201cDo you remember me? How we used to be? Do you think we should be closer?\" is sung by Bob Geldof in the Pink Floyd movie The Wall, in the bathroom scene between Waiting for the Worms and Stop.", "music    entity is the third and last single from the final John Lennon and Yoko Ono album Milk and Honey. In it, Lennon celebrates his enthusiasm for the night life of New York City, and makes tongue-in-cheek reference to his \"househusband\" period. It reached No.\u200988 in the UK Singles chart, and in the US at No.\u200955 in the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 57 on the Cashbox Top 100. The B-side features Ono's \"Sleepless Night.\"", "music    entity is a song by John Lennon. Recorded in anticipation of the Double Fantasy album, its release was finally postponed. She finally appeared in first position on the album Milk and Honey in 1984. She also released a single that same year but failed to rank high on the charts. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American rock band My Chemical Romance released on November 22, 2010, by Reprise Records. Its songs are associated with the band's well known sound of alternative rock, pop punk, and punk rock as well as introducing new elements, including power pop, pop rock, and electronic rock. The inspiration for the album came from contemporary rock, psychedelic rock, and protopunk bands of the sixties and seventies. It was the final album released by the band before their six-year disbandment from 2013 to 2019.", "music    entity is the name of the American punk-rock band's fourth studio album: My Chemical Romance. This album was produced by Rob Cavallo and was produced by Reprise Records. The group has also announced a European tour, starting in October 2010, entitled World Contamination Tour.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Macy Gray. It was released on July 1, 1999, by Epic Records and Clean Slate. Produced by Andrew Slater, it became Gray's best-selling album to date, selling 3.4 million copies in the United States and seven million copies worldwide. The album's second single, \"I Try\", became an international success, topping the charts in Australia, Ireland, and New Zealand, while reaching number five on the US Billboard Hot 100. The song also won a Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance in 2001.", "music    entity is the debut album by American Nu Soul singer Macy Gray, released in July 1999 on Epic Records and produced by Andrew Slater.", "city    entity is a city and municipality of Wallonia located in the province of Li\u00e8ge, Belgium. The municipality consists of the following districts: Boncelles, Jemeppe-sur-Meuse, Ougr\u00e9e, and entity. With Li\u00e8ge, Herstal, Saint-Nicolas, Ans, and Fl\u00e9malle, it forms the greater Li\u00e8ge agglomeration . To the south of entity are the Condroz and the Ardennes regions.", "city    entity is a French-speaking city in Belgium located in the Walloon Region in the province of Li\u00e8ge. It is the place of the former summer residence of the prince-bishops of Li\u00e8ge before becoming an industrial city in the 19th century. With, in particular, Li\u00e8ge, Herstal, Saint-Nicolas, Ans and Fl\u00e9malle, it forms the of Liege. Seraing forms the border between the urban part of Belgium and the rural part.", "country    entity is a country in Western Asia, bordering Lebanon to the southwest, the Mediterranean Sea to the west, Turkey to the north, Iraq to the east, Jordan to the south, and Israel to the southwest. Its capital and largest city is Damascus. A country of fertile plains, high mountains, and deserts, Syria is home to diverse ethnic and religious groups, including the majority Syrian Arabs, Kurds, Turkmens, Assyrians, Armenians, Circassians, Mandaeans, and Greeks. Religious groups include Sunnis, Christians, Alawites, Druze, Isma'ilis, Mandaeans, Shiites, Salafis, and Yazidis. Arabs are the lar", "country    entity is a country in Western Asia. Located on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea, it has land borders with Turkey, Iraq, Jordan, Israel, Lebanon and a maritime border with Cyprus. Its capital and largest city is Damascus, which \u2014 historically \u2014 was the capital of the Umayyads from 661 to 750.", "music    entity is a greatest hits album by hip hop group Brand Nubian. The front cover of an album is reference to the debut album by Brand Nubian.", "music    entity is a compilation by Brand Nubian, released on September 18, 2001. The cover of the disc is a reference to that of the group's first album.", "music    entity is the first full-length studio album released by An Cafe on November 9, 2005. The album peaked at No. 39 on the Japanese albums chart.", "music    entity is an album released by An Cafe on November 9, 2005. All lyrics were written by Miku.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Kesha from her debut album, Animal . Produced by Benny Blanco, and co-written by Kesha, Blanco, Neon Hitch and Sean Foreman, it was released as the album's second single on January 29, 2010, and features 3OH!3. Initial writing of the song took place when Kesha, Blanco, Hitch and Foreman were discussing which sex talked more and which one was more \"obnoxious.\" The song is a midtempo electropop song that speaks of men in the same way that they have talked about women in the music industry. The lyrics depict a woman who would rather have sex than listen to a man speak and features blatant come-ons throughout the song.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Kesha from her debut album, Animal. Produced by Benny Blanco, and written by Kesha, Blanco, Neon Hitch and Sean Foreman, it was released as the album's second single on February 19, 2010 through RCA. The song's inspiration begins when Kesha, Blanco, Hitch and Foreman had a discussion and the more they talked about sex, the \"oddier\" it got. The song is electropop in style with a moderate tempo and the lyrics are about", "music    entity is the debut extended play by American singer Bruno Mars. Its title comes from the final lyrics of one of its songs, \"The Other Side\". The EP consists of four tracks and has been dubbed as a pop record. It was made available for digital download on May 11, 2010 by Elektra Records in the United States, and on August 11, 2010 by Atlantic Records in France. The song \"Count on Me\" was not featured on the track list of the latter release. To promote the EP, Mars released a home video for the recording \"The Other Side\". All of the material on the EP was produced by the Smeezingtons, the production team composed by Mars, Philip Lawrence and Ari Levine, with the closing track being co-produced by Jeff Bhasker.", "music    entity is an extended play by American singer-songwriter and music producer Bruno Mars, who is also part of the production team The Smeezingtons. It was released on May 11, 2010.", "singer    entity was a French artist and Post-Impressionist painter whose work laid the foundations of the transition from the 19th-century conception of artistic endeavour to a new and radically different world of art in the 20th century.", "singer    entity is the author of many landscapes of Provence, and particularly of the countryside of Aix-en-Provence. In particular, he produced several paintings on the subject of the Sainte-Victoire mountain.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Is\u00e8re department in southeastern France. It is the largest suburb of the city of Grenoble and is adjacent to it on the east.", "airport    entity is a French commune, bordering Grenoble, located in the department of Is\u00e8re and the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. The commune is located east of Grenoble and is part of the Grenoble-Alpes metropolis. Metropolis. With \u00e9chirolles, it is the main town in the suburbs of Grenoble. It is mainly known for hosting the large campus of Grenoble. It is connected to downtown Grenoble by bus and tram.", "actor    entity is best known for his 1944 play Antigone, an adaptation of Sophocles' classical drama, that was seen as an attack on Marshal P\u00e9tain's Vichy government. His plays are less experimental than those of his contemporaries, having clearly organized plot and eloquent dialogue. One of France's most prolific writers after World War II, much of Anouilh's work deals with themes of maintaining integrity in a world of moral compromise.", "actor    entity is a French writer and playwright, born June 23, 1910 in Bordeaux and died October 3, 1987 in Lausanne.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American rapper T.I., released on July 3, 2007 through Grand Hustle Records, Asylum Records and Atlantic Records. Recording sessions for the album took a year and a half to record towards early-2007, T.I. stated and confirmed in an interview with MTV News. Production was handled by several record producers, including Kannon \"Caviar\" Cross, Just Blaze, Mannie Fresh, Lil' C, Wyclef Jean, Jerry 'Wonder' Duplessis, Sedeck \"All Hands on Deck\" Jean, Keith \"Lil' Wonda\" Duplessis, Kevin \"Khao\" Cates, Timbaland, Bao Quoc Pham, Steve Holdren, Nate \"Danja\" Hills, The Runners, Tony Galvin, Eminem, Jeff Bass, and Keith Mack, among others. It is also noted to be his first album sans production from his frequent collaborator DJ Toomp.", "music    entity is TI's fifth studio album, released on July 3, 2007 in the United States. The album, which ranked #1 on the Billboard 200, Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and Top Internet Albums, was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on August 30, 2007. It was named for \"Best Rap Album\" at the 50th Grammy Awards, but lost to Kanye West's album Graduation.", "stadium    entity was an early cycling velodrome and, from 1898, a football ground in Turin. The velodrome was named in honour of then King Humbert I of Savoy. During its time in use it was used by several clubs, it was located within the neighbourhood of Turin, within the Corso Re Umberto park near Mauriziano hospital. When Alfred Dick left Juventus to form a new team called Torino FBC, they would play at the ground since Dick held the lease. They played their earliest seasons here, before changing ground in early 1910.", "stadium    entity is a cycling velodrome based in Turin, La Crocetta district, Italy opened in 1895 and closed in 1917. It is also used for football. It bears the name of King Humbert I of Italy.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Lindros was born in London, Ontario, but grew up in Toronto. He played junior hockey in the Ontario Hockey League for the Oshawa Generals prior to being chosen first overall in the 1991 NHL Entry Draft by the Quebec Nordiques. He refused to play for the Nordiques and was eventually traded to the Philadelphia Flyers in June 1992 in exchange for a package of players and draft picks including Peter Forsberg. During his OHL career, Lindros led the Generals to a Memorial Cup victory in 1990. Prior to being drafted in 1991, Lindros captured the Red Tilson Trophy as the Most Outstanding Player in the OHL, and also was named the CHL Player of the Year.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He has a brother Brett who was also a professional hockey player but who chose to quit due to too many concussions.", "movie    entity is an American television and film director whose credits include the feature films Casper , City of Angels , Moonlight Mile , Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events and Land of the Lost .", "movie    entity is an American director, producer and screenwriter, born September 8, 1963 in Washington.", "school    entity is one of the most prestigious and selective grandes \u00e9coles in France. It is a French public institution of higher education and research in Palaiseau, a suburb south of Paris. The school is a constituent member of the Polytechnic Institute of Paris.", "school    entity is a French engineering school founded in 1794 as the \u00e9cole centrale des travaux publics. Originally located in Paris, the School has been in Palaiseau since 1976, the heart of the Paris-Saclay technology cluster. It has the status of a public teaching and research institution placed under the supervision of the Ministry of Defense and is a founding member of ParisTech and the University of Paris-Saclay.", "singer    entity is a Belgian musician, rapper, singer and songwriter. He is mostly known for his works in the genre of the hip hop and electronic music. Stromae came to wide public attention in 2009 with his song \"Alors on danse\" , which became a number one in several European countries. In 2013, his second album Racine carr\u00e9e was a commercial success, selling 2 million copies in France alone and nearly 600,000 units elsewhere. The main singles from the album include \"Papaoutai\" and \"Formidable\". He has sold over 8.5 million records worldwide.", "singer    entity is a Belgian singer-songwriter and producer of hip-hop, electronic music and French song. He became known in 2009 with the song So we dance taken from the album Cheese.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American rapper Black Milk. The album was released on October 15, 2013, by Fat Beats and Computer Ugly Records. The album was primarily produced by Black Milk himself, and includes guest appearances from artists such as Mel, Ab, Dwele, Black Thought, Quelle Chris, Tone Trezure and Robert Glasper.", "music    entity is Black Milk's fifth studio album, released on October 15, 2013. The album ranked #11 on Top Heatseekers and #45 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.", "singer    entity is an American record producer, musician, and songwriter. Burnett rose to fame as a guitarist in Bob Dylan's band during the 1970s. He has received multiple Grammy awards for his work in film music, including for O Brother, Where Art Thou? Cold Mountain , Walk the Line , and Crazy Heart ; and won another Grammy for producing the studio album Raising Sand , in which he united the contemporary bluegrass of Alison Krauss with the blues rock of Robert Plant.", "singer    entity is an American producer and musician born January 14, 1948 in Saint-Louis, Missouri. He began his musical career in Los Angeles in 1972. He notably played for Bob Dylan, participating in the Rolling Thunder Revue, and in The Alpha Band until 1979. A musician unanimously recognized by his peers, he never managed to break through commercially. He got more recognition for his producing skills.", "music    entity is an American funk rock band formed in the South Bronx in 1978. Trouser Press called it \"one of the most dynamic bands that New York could offer at the top of the '80s.\" entity has been influential across a wide range of musical genres, including hip hop, and dance-punk. The band's track \"UFO\" is one of the most sampled songs in history.", "music    entity is a group formed in New York at the end of the 1970s, made up of four sisters, and whose music exerted, naively one might say, an influence on genres as varied as hip-hop, house, post -punk and no wave. The group saw several of these titles produced by Martin Hannett who worked for Factory and had produced the Joy Division album Unknown Pleasures and Closer and helped them to invent a particular, cold and groovy sound. Curiously then that the group did not have", "war    entity is a 2009 tower defense video game developed and published by Square Enix for the Wii and distributed through the WiiWare download service. The game is an entry in the Final Fantasy franchise, forming part of the Crystal Chronicles subseries. Taking place after Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: My Life as a King, the game follows the titular Darklord as she defends her mobile tower from waves of attacks as it travels across the kingdom.", "war    entity is a tower defense video game developed and published by Square Enix and distributed through the Wiiware download service. It is the fifth installment in the Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles series.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by rapper Tech N9ne. The album was released in 2006 as a \"Collector's Edition\" CD that contains a second CD featuring 14 songs from Tech N9ne as well as other Strange Music artists. \"Jellysickle\" & \"My Wife, My Bitch, My Girl\" also appeared on the 25 To Life video game soundtrack, while a censored version of \"The Beast\" was featured on the soundtrack to Madden NFL 06, released in 2005. In 2010, the song \"Riot Maker\" was used by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling as the official theme for their Hard Justice pay-per-view. The album debuted at #50 on the Billboard 200 with 22,000 copies sold in its first week. The song \"Caribou Lou\" was later certified Gold in 2012, and certified platinum later in 2017.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by rapper Tech N9ne, released on November 7, 2006. The album ranked #2 on Top Independent Albums and #23 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.", "politician    entity is a German politician who served as Member of the European Parliament from Germany from 2009 until 2019. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Union, part of the European People's Party. From 2004 to 2007 he was Cabinet Minister and Head of the State Chancellery of Saxony.", "politician    entity is a German MEP born on April 22, 1963 in Grimma. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany.", "war    entity is the second studio album by American metalcore band For the Fallen Dreams. It is the first album to feature vocalist Dylan Richter. It was released on July 21, 2009, through Rise Records and was produced by the band themselves and Joey Sturgis. The album charted at number 29 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.", "war    entity is the second album by metalcore band For the Fallen Dreams. This album marks the use of clean vocals in a few tracks. It is also the last album by For the Fallen Dreams where drummer-composer Andrew Tkaczyk participated in the composition before his departure from the group in 2011.", "movie    entity is a 1995 horror film directed by Tobe Hooper and written by Hooper and Harry Alan Towers . The film is based upon the Stephen King 1972 short story of the same name, which appeared in his 1978 inaugural short story collection Night Shift. It stars Robert Englund and Ted Levine. It also spawned two sequels, entity 2 and entity Reborn.", "movie    entity is an American horror film by Tobe Hooper from the screenplay by Tobe Hooper, Stephen Brooks and Peter Welbeck, based on the short story La Presseuse in the collection Danse macabre by Stephen King, starring Robert Englund, Ted Levine and Jeremy Crutchley. Produced and distributed by New Line Cinema, this film was released on March 3, 1995 in the United States and June 7, 2000 in France only on DVD.", "movie    entity is a Soviet and Russian filmmaker, actor, and head of the Russian Cinematographers' Union. Mikhalkov is a three-time laureate of the State Prize of the Russian Federation and is a Full Cavalier of the Order \"For Merit to the Fatherland\".", "movie    entity is a Russian film director, actor and producer, founder, in 2002, of the Golden Eagle award, which is awarded annually among Russian cinema.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Tarn and the Midi-Pyrenees region.", "music    entity is a song by Canadian electronic music producer Deadmau5 featuring vocals by Australian producer Rob Swire. Its instrumental was released as a single on October 27, 2008, and re-released with vocals on September 27, 2009. The latter was featured on Deadmau5's fourth studio album For Lack of a Better Name. As of 2016, the song has been a part of Pendulum's live setlist.", "music    entity is a song by DJ and composer Deadmau5 in collaboration with Rob Swire released on November 25, 2008 by the American label Ultra Records. 2nd single from the 4th studio album For Lack of a Better Name, the song was written by Joel Zimmerman and Rob Swire. entity is produced by Deadmau5. The single charted at number 12 in the UK and number on the Hot Dance Airplay chart in the US.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Basse-Normandie region, populated by 127 inhabitants.", "war    entity is the second album by English heavy metal band Venom.", "war    entity is the second studio album by British heavy metal band Venom. The album was released in November 1982 on the Neat Records label. After the success of its first album Welcome to Hell, Venom continued its momentum and reproduced almost the same recipe on its second album.", "music    entity is a country music album by Waylon Jennings, released in 1973 on RCA Victor. With the exception of \"We Had It All\", all of the songs on the album were written or co-written by Billy Joe Shaver. The album is considered an important piece in the development of the outlaw sub-genre in country music as it revived the honky tonk music of Nashville and added elements of rock and roll to it.", "music    entity is an album by Waylon Jennings, released in 1973.", "army    entity is small force of about 2,500 personnel. It maintains 12 well-equipped coastal patrol boats and eight missile boats.Although primarily concerned with coastal defense, the Navy is constructing a six-unit class of blue water corvettes in conjunction with French shipbuilder .The UAE maintains a small battalion-sized marine force called the UAE Marines equipped with BMP-3 armoured personnel carriers.", "army    entity is a small force of around 2,500 personnel. Although primarily concerned with coastal defense, the navy built a class of six corvettes in conjunction with France.", "music    entity is the debut solo studio album by American singer Kelly Rowland. It was first released through Columbia Records and Music World Entertainment on October 22, 2002, in North America, and on February 3, 2003, in other areas. Recorded in three weeks during the hiatus of her group Destiny's Child, it established Rowland as a solo star. It includes guest appearances by Solange Knowles and Joe Budden. It was preceded by the single \"Dilemma\" with Nelly.", "music    entity is the debut solo album by American singer Kelly Rowland, first released by Columbia Records on October 28, 2002 in North America, and February 3, 2003 in most international territories.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Territoire de Belfort department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9 in northeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Territoire de Belfort department in the Franche-Comt\u00e9 region, attached to the canton of Grandvillars. The village is located near the Canal du Rh\u00f4ne au Rhin and the confluence of the La Madeleine and Saint-Nicolas rivers. In 1803 the population was 271 inhabitants, the 2012 census counted 265. Its inhabitants are called Brettains.", "music    entity is a song by the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers that was originally recorded during the production of their fifth studio album, Blood Sugar Sex Magik . Although it was not featured on the record and was used as a B-side on the singles \"Give It Away\" and \"Under the Bridge\", entity was later released as a single in 1993. The song was included in the Coneheads film soundtrack. entity was eventually re-released for the 2003 Greatest Hits album. It can also be found on the band's Live Rare Remix Box and The Plasma Shaft.", "music    entity is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers released as a single in 1993 and featured on the soundtrack to the movie Coneheads. The song was originally meant to be on the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik but was eventually dropped. It can be found on the Greatest Hits compilation, both on the CD and the clip on the DVD. Watching the video clip, one will notice the absence of John Frusciante.", "music    entity is the debut album from hip hop producer-emcee Diamond D, released on September 22, 1992. The album features some of the earliest appearances from Diamond's later D.I.T.C. partners Big L and Fat Joe da Gangsta, as well as his crew the Psychotic Neurotics. Although Diamond D handles the majority of the album's production, other popular beat makers such as Large Professor, Q-Tip, Jazzy Jay, Showbiz and The 45 King co-produce on several tracks. The album features the singles \"Best-Kept Secret\" and \"Sally Got a One-Track Mind.\" The album was not released on vinyl; however, there were promotional copies pressed with full artwork which were highly sought-after. The vinyl edition was eventually made available as a reissue years later. The original promo version has a stic", "music    entity is Diamond D's debut studio album, released on September 22, 1992.", "music    entity is the fourteenth studio album by Santana, released in 1985 . The album took seven months to make, and involved a mostly different line-up than the previous one, Shang\u00f3 : apart from Carlos Santana, singer Alex Ligertwood and percussionists Armando Peraza, Raul Rekow and Orestes Vilat\u00f3 were still with the band. This was singer Greg Walker's first album with Santana since Inner Secrets - he had left in 1979, and returned in 1983. As a result, the band had two vocalists at the time. It also was bassist Alphonso Johnson's first of two albums with the group, having joined in 1984; and the only to feature Chester C. Thompson on drums and David Sancious on keyboards. It also was the first with Chester D. Thompson on keyboards; he would remai", "music    entity is an album by Santana, released in 1985.", "actor    entity was an American abstract expressionist painter.", "actor    entity was an American painter and writer of the 20th and 21st centuries, classified for convenience in the Lyrical Abstraction or Abstract Expressionism movements while he is, according to Frank Anderson Trapp: \u201cone of those artists who would be difficult to describe in these terms, despite the reciprocity of influences between Europe and America during contemporary development.", "movie    entity was a French film producer, editor and impresario.", "movie    entity is a French film producer, impresario, patron and publisher.", "actor    entity is an American actor. He played Dan Conner on the ABC television series Roseanne , for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in 1993, and reprised the role in its sequel series The Conners. He is a regular collaborator with the Coen brothers on such films as Raising Arizona , Barton Fink , The Big Lebowski , O Brother, Where Art Thou? , and Inside Llewyn Davis . His voice roles include Pacha in Disney's The Emperor's New Groove franchise , James P. \"Sulley\" Sullivan in Pixar's Monsters, Inc. franchise , Baloo in The Jungle Book 2 , George Wolfsbottom in Clifford's Really Big Movie , Layton T. Montgomery in Bee Movie and Eli \"Big Daddy\" LaBouff in The Princ", "actor    entity is an American actor born on June 20, 1952 in Saint-Louis. Recognizable by his stature, he has played a lot in comedies and is a regular collaborator of the Coen brothers. He also regularly lends his voice to animated films.", "video game    entity is a top-down tile-based puzzle video game originally published in 1989 by Epyx as a launch title for the Atari Lynx. It was later ported to several other systems and was included in the Windows 3.1 bundle Microsoft Entertainment Pack 4 , and the Windows version of the Best of Microsoft Entertainment Pack , where it found a much larger audience. The original game was designed by developer Chuck Sommerville, who also made about a third of the levels. Most of the conversions from the Atari Lynx original to other formats were carried out by Images Software in the UK.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game published by Epyx for the Atari Lynx console. It was later ported to the Amiga, Atari ST, Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum microcomputers in 1990. In addition, this game was reissued by Microsoft under Windows in Entertainment Pack for Windows. he story of a high school nerd named Chip McCallahan who met the Prodigious Melinda at the school science lab.", "singer    entity is a Japanese songwriter and keyboardist from Gunma Prefecture. In the 1990s, he supported the agency Rising Production, which was later renamed Vision Factory. He wrote both the music and the lyrics of Olivia Lufkin's \"I.L.Y. \" and \"Re-act.\" He also composed Mika Nakashima's \"One Survive.\" In addition, T2ya wrote Aya Ueto's \"Pureness,\" \"Kizuna,\" \"Hello\" and \"Personal.\"", "singer    entity is a Japanese lyricist, composer, keyboardist, and music producer. He has written many titles for various artists since the early 1990s, and among others launched the group EARTH in 2000.", "music    entity is the fifth full-length album by Christian rock band Skillet. It was originally released on November 18, 2003 under Ardent Records. The album was re-released through Lava Records on May 25, 2004 with the bonus track \"Open Wounds\". The album peaked at No. 179 on the Billboard 200 and No. 5 on the Top Heatseekers. The album artwork is, according to John Cooper, faith and fear colliding. This is also Skillet's first full album to feature Ben Kasica on lead guitar.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American hard rock band Skillet. It was originally released on Ardent Records on November 18, 2003. It was re-released under Lava Records on May 25, 2004 with bonus music Open Wounds.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American hip hop group The Coup. It was released on Wild Pitch Records on October 13, 1994. It peaked at number 27 on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums chart, as well as number 62 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.", "music    entity is The Coup's second studio album, released on October 13, 1994. The album charted at #27 on Billboard Top Heatseekers and #62 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.", "music    entity is a posthumous compilation box set by Jimi Hendrix, released in France only by Castle Communications on November 20, 1989. The tracks included were originally broadcast as a six-hour radio show in the United States on September 2 and 3, 1988, and as such feature original narration. Live & Unreleased was released as a 5-LP set and a 3-CD set in the same year. Featuring rare songs and outtakes, some still not released through \"Experience Hendrix\"", "music    entity is a radio biography of Jimi Hendrix produced by Bruce Gary and supervised by Alan Douglas released as a triple album in 1989.", "music    entity is a song by the British-American supergroup the Traveling Wilburys. It was released in October 1988 as their debut single and as the opening track of their album Traveling Wilburys Vol. 1. The song was the first recording made by the group, although it was originally intended as a bonus track on a European single by George Harrison. When he and Jeff Lynne presented the song to Harrison's record company, the executives insisted it was too good for that purpose, a decision that resulted in the formation of the Wilburys. The song was written primarily by Harrison, although, as with all the tracks on Vol. 1, the writing credit lists all five members of the band: Harrison, Lynne, Bob Dylan, Roy Orbison and Tom Petty.", "music    entity is the Traveling Wilburys' first single, from their debut album, Traveling Wilburys Vol. 1, both released in 1988. From an impromptu session by future members of The Wilburys, the song was originally intended to serve as the B-side to George Harrison's single This Is Love. However, her record company deemed her too good for such a fate.", "war    entity is a 1939 American drama film directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Sig Herzig and Wally Kline.The film stars Ann Sheridan, Pat O'Brien, John Payne, Gale Page, Frank McHugh and Grace Stafford. The film was released by Warner Bros. on August 5, 1939. This film is a remake of The Crowd Roars, which starred James Cagney.", "war    entity is a 1939 American film directed by Lloyd Bacon.", "music    entity is a studio album released in 1998 by Franco-Algerian ra\u00ef artist Rachid Taha. In contrast to his earlier releases, entity contains less rock and punk music, and features more traditional Arabic instruments. Many of the songs are about the founding fathers of ra\u00ef music, and the lyrics are in Arabic and French. A video clip was made for \"Ida\".", "music    entity is Rachid Taha's fourth solo album released in 1998.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by Japanese recording artist Namie Amuro, released on January 26, 2000 through Avex Trax. The album was released three years after her last album, Concentration 20 , and was produced by Tetsuya Komuro and Dallas Austin, marking her first collaboration with an American producer. Only 11 months after the album's release, Amuro released her fifth studio album, Break the Rules.", "music    entity is Namie Amuro's 3rd regular album released on the Avex Trax label, or the 5th under her own name, counting the one on the Toshiba-EMI label and a previous compilation. It was released on January 26, 2000 in Japan, and contains four tracks and two B-sides previously released as singles, all in the top 5.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, released on August 10, 1984, via EMI America and Enigma Records. The album was produced by Gang of Four guitarist Andy Gill, and is the only Peppers album to feature Jack Sherman on guitar. Sherman was in the band as a replacement for founding member Hillel Slovak, who'd left the band along with founding drummer Jack Irons before the album was recorded. After the tour for this album, Sherman was fired and Slovak rejoined the band. The album also features founding members Anthony Kiedis on vocals and Flea on bass, as well as Cliff Martinez on drums.", "music    entity is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. Released as a single in 1984, it is the second single from their album Red Hot Chili Peppers. The title is quite representative, indeed the song is very fast and lively. This and Out in LA were the first two songs written by the group and were played even before obtaining a contract.", "war    entity is a medieval mystery novel by Ellis Peters, set in spring 1140. Published in 1983, it is the seventh novel in The Cadfael Chronicles. The story opens during the midnight service at the Abbey, when a young man seeks sanctuary, just seconds ahead of a mob of locals fresh from a wedding feast, charging him with theft and murder. The novel was the second of the series to be adapted for television in 1994 by Central for ITV.", "war    entity is a historical detective novel by Ellis Peters, the seventh in the Brother Cadfael series, published in 1983. The novel was translated into French by Nicolas Gille in 1990.", "competition    entity was a two-legged Spanish football match-up that was played on 14 and 17 August 2011. It was contested by Barcelona, the 2010\u201311 La Liga winners, and Real Madrid, the 2010\u201311 Copa del Rey winners. Barcelona won 5\u20134 on aggregate for their tenth Supercopa de Espa\u00f1a title.", "competition    entity is the twenty-sixth edition of the Supercopa de Espa\u00f1a, an event which opposes the champion of Spain to the winner of the Copa del Rey. Disputed as a round trip on August 14, 2011 and August 17, 2011, the event was won by FC Barcelona at the expense of Real Madrid with an aggregate score of 5-4.", "country    entity is a country in East Asia, constituting the northern part of the Korean Peninsula. It borders China and Russia to the north, at the Yalu and Tumen rivers, and South Korea to the south at the Korean Demilitarized Zone. Its western border is formed by the Yellow Sea, while its eastern border is defined by the Sea of Japan. North Korea, like its southern counterpart, claims to be the legitimate government of the entire peninsula and adjacent islands. Pyongyang is the country's capital and largest city.", "country    entity is a state that covers the northern part of the Korean Peninsula located in East Asia. With 25.3 million inhabitants in 2016, half of its southern neighbor, its capital is Pyongyang.", "war    entity is a fantasy novel by Greg Keyes. It is the first of two books based on The Elder Scrolls series of video games. It was published on November 24, 2009 by Titan Books in the UK, and Del Rey Books in the US.", "war    entity is the first book in a cycle of two novels written by Gregory Keyes that follows the story of The Elder Scrolls universe set between the events depicted in the video games Oblivion and Skyrim. Published in the United States by Del Rey Books in 2009, it was translated into French and published by Editions Fleuve noir in 2011.", "war    entity is a 1962 Italian film, directed by Nanni Loy and set during the uprising which gives its name. It stars Regina Bianchi, Aldo Giuffr\u00e8, Lea Massari, Jean Sorel, Franco Sportelli, , Gian Maria Volont\u00e9 and Frank Wolff. The film won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Director, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film and Writing Original Screenplay, and a BAFTA Award for Best Film. At the 3rd Moscow International Film Festival in 1963, the film was awarded with the FIPRESCI Prize.", "war    entity is an Italian drama film, directed by Nanni Loy and released in 1962.", "singer    entity is an English musician, best known as the drummer and last remaining original member of the English rock band Deep Purple.", "singer    entity is a rock drummer. He is best known for his participation in the hard rock group Deep Purple, of which he is the only drummer. Paice is also the only member of Deep Purple to have known all the periods of the group, since he was one of the founding members in 1968 and has never left his position since that date.", "music    entity is a folk song written by Graham Nash in the late 1960s. The song appears on Crosby, Stills & Nash's critically acclaimed, self-titled debut album. The song is notable for taking its inspiration from fellow folk musician Joni Mitchell, with whom Nash was romantically involved at the time. It was also the only song from the debut album not performed during their Woodstock performance.", "music    entity is a song by Crosby, Stills & Nash, released in 1969 on the self-titled debut album Crosby, Stills & Nash. It was composed by Graham Nash. The song takes its inspiration from folk musician Joni Mitchell, with whom Nash was romantically involved at the time.", "city    entity is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Henan province, People's Republic of China, the southernmost administrative division in the province. Its total population was 6,234,401 according to the 2020 census. As of the 2010 census, 1,230,042 of them lived in the built-up area made of two urban districts, Pingqiao and Shihe.", "city    entity is a city in southeastern Henan Province in China. It is the seat of a Catholic bishopric on which 63 churches depended in 1949. A railway link connects it to Wuhan and Zhengzhou. Since 2009, a giant real estate project has been emerging.", "singer    entity was a Danish portrait painter and lithographer, active during the Golden Age of Danish Painting. He founded Em. B\u00e6rentzen & Co..", "singer    entity was a Danish portrait painter and lithographer, active during the Danish Golden Age.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales department in southern France. It is part of the Occitanie region. The town is in the foothills of the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es mountains.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called Rocatins.", "actor    entity is a South Korean girl group formed by JYP Entertainment. The group is composed of nine members: Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu. Twice was formed under the television program Sixteen and debuted on October 20, 2015, with the extended play The Story Begins.", "actor    entity is a South Korean girl group formed by JYP Entertainment through the Sixteen program in 2015, the group consists of nine members named Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung and Tzuyu, the name \"entity was chosen because the members will be able to \"wow their fans once through their ears and again through their eyes.\" \".", "music    entity is the third studio album by American hip hop group Jurassic 5. It picks up where their previous album, Quality Control \"left off\", with a short double bass sample playing the same riff that the last song on Quality Control, \"Swing Set\", ended with.", "music    entity is the third studio album by Jurassic 5, released on October 8, 2002. The album ranked #13 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #15 on the Billboard 200. video games: A Day at the Races in Tony Hawk's Underground, What's Golden in ATV Offroad Fury 2, High Fidelity in NBA Inside Drive 2004.", "city    entity is an arrondissement of France, located in the Loir-et-Cher departement, region of Centre-Val de Loire. It has 100 communes. Its population is 69,819 , and its area is 1,722.3 km2 .", "city    entity is a French administrative division, located in the department of Loir-et-Cher and the Center region.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Allier department in central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Allier in the Auvergne region.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre. He is currently playing for Graz99ers of the Austrian Hockey League . He was selected by the Washington Capitals in the 5th round, 144th overall, in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "video game    entity is a platform game developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the GameCube in 2003. Ports were released in Europe in 2006 for Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X. The game received mixed to positive reviews.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Nintendo GameCube game console. This game was released on September 23, 2003 in the United States, October 9, 2003 in Japan, and October 31, 2003 in Europe. A PC version was released in Europe on March 31, 2006. This deliberately childish-looking game is of particular interest through its original gameplay.", "music    entity is a song by Akon. The track was written by Akon, David Guetta and Sandy Wilhelm, and produced by David Guetta and Sandy Vee. The single was released to U.S. mainstream radio on September 14, 2010, before being released as a digital download on September 17. The single was released via worldwide digital download on November 7, 2010. The song peaked at number fifty-six on Billboard Hot 100. Akon performed the song during the 2010 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, and it was also used in the Victoria's Secret 2011 Secret Angels commercial. The song was not released on any physical formats.", "music    entity is a song by singer Akon released on September 17, 2010. The song is written by Akon, David Guetta and Sandy Vee, produced by David Guetta and Sandy Vee.", "music    entity is a song performed by Sonny & Cher and written by Sonny Bono. It was the first single taken from their debut studio album Look at Us. In August 1965, their single spent three weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 in the United States where it sold more than 1 million copies and was certified Gold. It also reached number one in the United Kingdom and Canada.", "music    entity is a song by Sonny and Cher released in 1965. It enjoyed great success on both sides of the Atlantic, topping the charts in both the United States and the United Kingdom. It has since been covered in many film soundtracks, including Groundhog Day, by Harold Ramis who brought it back into fashion.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played 15 seasons in the National Hockey League for the Philadelphia Flyers, Edmonton Oilers, Boston Bruins and Toronto Maple Leafs. He also played one season in the World Hockey Association for the Birmingham Bulls.", "sports team    entity is a former professional ice hockey player who played in the National Hockey League.", "music    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released on June 23, 2003, as the lead single from their eighth studio album of the same name. It won Best Metal Performance at the 46th Grammy Awards and was also nominated for Best Rock Video at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards, but lost to \"Somewhere I Belong\" by Linkin Park. This song provided the theme for WWE's SummerSlam 2003; the music video was also included in the pay-per-view DVD.", "music    entity is the lead single from Metallica's 8th studio album of the same name. She won Best Metal Performance at the 46th Grammy Awards and was also nominated for Best Rock Video at the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards.Metal portal Metal portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "city    entity is the capital city of the Indian state of Maharashtra. According to the United Nations, as of 2018, entity is the second-most populous city in India after Delhi and the seventh-most populous city in the world with a population of roughly 20 million. As per the Indian government population census of 2011, entity was the most populous city in India with an estimated city proper population of 12.5 million living under Municipal Corporation of Greater entity. entity is the centre of the entity Metropolitan Region, the sixth most populous metropolitan area in the world with a population of over 23 million. entity lies on the Konkan coast on the west coast of India and has a deep nat", "city    entity is the capital of the Indian state of Maharashtra. The city had 12,478,447 inhabitants in 2011. The most populous city in India, it forms with its satellite cities of Navi Mumbai, Bhiwandi, Kalyan, Ulhasnagar and Thane, an agglomeration of 18,414,288 inhabitants, the sixth most populated in the world. world.Mumbai is the commercial capital of India.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Canadian rapper Drake. It was released on November 15, 2011, by Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records and Republic Records. The album features guest appearances from The Weeknd, Rihanna, Kendrick Lamar, Birdman, Nicki Minaj, Rick Ross, Lil Wayne, and Andr\u00e9 3000. Alongside prominent production from the album's executive producers Drake and 40, further contributors include T-Minus, Chantal Kreviazuk, Boi-1da, Illangelo, Jamie xx, Supa Dups, Just Blaze, Chase N. Cashe, and Doc McKinney.", "music    entity is Drake's second studio album which was released on November 15, 2011. The Canadian rapper has created many tracks with Stevie Wonder.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Miley Cyrus for her third studio album of the same name . It was released on May 18, 2010, by Hollywood Records as the lead single from the record. The song was written by Cyrus, Antonina Armato, and Tim James. A Rockangeles remix version featuring rapper Lil Jon was included as a bonus track on digital editions of the album. According to Cyrus, entity describes a desire to break out and experience freedom. The song's lyrics deal with the themes of freedom and self-expression.", "music    entity is a song by Miley Cyrus, featured on the album Can't Be Tamed, released in 2010. This song means Miley cannot be tamed, changed, it's her and hers alone to choose her future and the way she is. The clip of this song makes us discover a Miley different from the wise actress of Hannah Montana.", "movie    entity is a 1987 American screwball comedy film directed by James Foley and written by Andrew Smith and Ken Finkleman. It stars Madonna and Griffin Dunne, and depicts the story of a street-smart girl who is falsely accused of murdering her boyfriend and is sent to jail. After being released, she meets a man, who is supposed to make sure she gets on her bus back to Philadelphia, and convinces him to help her catch those responsible for her confinement. While searching for the embezzler, they fall in love with each other.", "movie    entity is an American romantic comedy directed by James Foley, released in France on November 14, 1987. Produced by Warner Bros., the film stars Madonna as Nikki Finn, a woman with an exuberant temperament who fights to prove her innocence after being wrongfully imprisoned for murder for four years.", "sportsman    entity is a Gambian professional footballer who plays for South Korean club Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors, and the Gambian national team. He is a winger but can also play as a forward. He grew up in Sweden where he played for several senior clubs. In 2014, he signed for Swansea City of the Premier League. After loans to three Championship clubs, he transferred to Reading in 2017. Barrow made his international debut for the Gambia national team in 2015.", "sportsman    entity is a Gambian international footballer playing as a winger at Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors FC. He was named the best Gambian player in 2013, 2015, 2016 and 2017.", "music    entity is a song by the Japanese J-pop group Every Little Thing, released as their nineteenth single on February 21, 2001. It was used as the theme song for the TV drama Big Wing.", "music    entity is the 18th single from Japanese band Every Little Thing.", "music    entity is a song performed by Belgian singer Annie Cordy. The song was written by Vivien Vallay, Patrick Bousquet and Pierre Carrel. The song was released in France and Belgium on 1985. The song sold more than two and a half million singles worldwide In 2021, the song was criticized for being racist, a claim one of the writers, Vallay, denied.", "music    entity is a song by Annie Cordy.", "music    entity is a song by P.O.D. and the lead single from their sixth studio album, Testify, released in 2006. It features a 21-year old Katy Perry vamping over the final chorus of the song. She also appeared in the music video. Her contribution, however, was not enough to earn her a guest appearance at that time. The track was later included on Greatest Hits: The Atlantic Years in 2006. The song's music video also reached the No. 1 spot on MTV's TRL and became P.O.D.'s fourth No. 1 video.", "music    entity is a song by POD and the lead single from their fourth studio album, Testify, released in 2006. The backing vocals are sung by Katy Perry and it will be the first single she appears on before promoting her second album One of the Boys, released in 2008.", "city    entity is a county in the east of Guizhou province, China. It is under the administration of the Qiandongnan Miao and Dong Autonomous Prefecture.", "city    entity is an administrative district of Guizhou Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of Qiandongnan Miao and Dong Autonomous Prefecture.", "music    entity is an American independent record label based in Water Valley and Oxford, Mississippi. At first Fat Possum focused almost entirely on recording previously unknown Mississippi blues artists . Recently, Fat Possum has signed younger rock acts to its roster. The label has been featured in The New York Times, New Yorker, The Observer, a Sundance Channel production, features on NPR, and a 2004 documentary, You See Me Laughin. Fat Possum also distributes the Hi Records catalog.", "music    entity is an independent label from Oxford, Mississippi. Specializing in the blues, the label also produces a few rock artists.", "music    entity is a 2009 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Gr\u8305goire and produced by Franck Authi\u8305 under My Major Company label. It was the second single from his debut album Toi + Moi and was released in February 2009. The song became a top ten hit in Belgium , and achieved minor success in Switzerland. It was heavily played in Russia.", "music    entity is the second single from the first album by French singer Gr\u00e9goire, this song was released in December 2008.", "music    entity is a song by Norwegian DJ and record producer Kygo, featuring American singer Maty Noyes. The song was produced by Kygo with fellow Norwegian, William Wiik Larsen, who also wrote it with Noyes. It was released as the fourth single from Kygo's debut studio album, Cloud Nine . An official music video for the song was released on 18 February 2016.", "music    entity is a song by Norwegian DJ and musician Kygo featuring American singer Maty Noyes. It is the fourth single from his debut album Cloud Nine, released in 2016.", "competition    entity was an American professional basketball player. Kaplowitz played in the first two seasons of the Basketball Association of America , now known as the National Basketball Association , and was, at the time of his death, the oldest living person to have played for the New York Knicks.", "competition    entity was an American former basketball player. He evolves during his career at the rear and winger positions.", "sports team    entity is a low-level professional league based in the Canadian province of Quebec. Teams in the LNAH compete for the Vertdure Cup.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey league founded in 1996 in Quebec.", "singer    entity is a Japanese female vocal group. The name is an acronym for \"Musical Active eXperience\". The original members of entity made their musical debut as members of the Super Monkey's along with lead vocalist Namie Amuro. They branched out on their own in 1995, becoming stars in their own right with selling several million albums and a string of consecutive top 20 singles from 1996 to 2000. Their lead singer, Mina, left the group in 2002 due to pregnancy and was replaced by Aki Maeda who assumed the stage name Aki. Aki left the group in August 2008 to pursue a solo career. Original member Mina returned to the group on October 28, 2008 ushering in the group's comeback after a two-year hiatus.", "singer    entity is a female Jpop group created in 1995, popular in Japan at the end of the 1990s, formed by singer-dancers Nana, Lina, Reina, and Mina, replaced for a time by Aki.", "music    entity is a song by the American hard rock band Kiss. It is the title track from the 1998 album with the same name. The B-side is the non-album track \"In Your Face\", a song written by singer and bassist Gene Simmons and sung by Kiss guitarist/vocalist Ace Frehley.", "music    entity is a song by American hard rock band Kiss, released on the album of the same name. The B-side \"In Your Face\", is a title written by bassist Gene Simmons and sung by guitarist Ace Frehley, a song which is not present on the album entity.The song entity was written by Paul Stanley and Curt Cuomo, to suit especially the theme of the entity tour and album.", "war    entity was killed, the Byzantine general Narses captured Rome and besieged Cumae. Teia, the new Ostrogothic king, gathered the remnants of the Ostrogothic army and marched to relieve the siege, but in October 552 Narses ambushed him at Mons Lactarius in Campania, near Mount Vesuvius and Nuceria Alfaterna. The battle lasted two days, and Teia was killed in the fighting. Ostrogothic power in Italy was eliminated, and many of the remaining Ostrogoths went north and settled in south Austria. After the battle, Italy was a", "war    entity was killed, the Byzantine general Narses took Rome and besieged Cumae. Teia, the new Ostrogothic king, gathered the remnants of his army with the aim of ending the siege.", "war    entity is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released on July 27, 1984, by the independent record label Megaforce Records. The album was recorded in three weeks with producer Flemming Rasmussen at Sweet Silence Studios in Copenhagen, Denmark. The artwork, based on a concept by the band, depicts an electric chair being struck by lightning flowing from the band logo. The title was taken from a passage in Stephen King's novel The Stand, in which a character uses the phrase to refer to execution by electric chair.", "war    entity is the second studio album by American thrash metal band Metallica. It was released on July 27, 1984 by Megaforce Records and Music for Nations. It was released by Elektra Records on November 19, 1984 after the band signed to them in September 1984.", "war    entity is a 1986 crime film co-written and directed by Claude Chabrol. It is the sequel to his 1984 film Cop au vin.", "war    entity is a Franco-Swiss film directed by Claude Chabrol, released in 1986.", "music    entity is a song released by British record producer Naughty Boy, featuring vocals from Sam Smith. It was released on 18 May 2013 as the second single from Naughty Boy's debut album Hotel Cabana and it appears on the deluxe version of Smith's debut album In the Lonely Hour . The track reached number one on the music charts for 26 countries, including Italy, the Czech Republic, Russia and the United Kingdom. Upon its release, it was confirmed by the Official Charts Company as the fastest-selling single of 2013 in the UK. By the end of 2013, the song was the sixth fastest-selling single of the year in the UK, selling 145,000 copies in the first week.", "music    entity is a musical single from Naughty Boy in collaboration with singer Sam Smith. It is taken from his first studio album Hotel Cabana released in 2013.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 3,280 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American rap rock band Limp Bizkit. Released in 2011 by Flip and Interscope Records, it is the band's first studio album since 2003's Results May Vary and its first with the full original lineup since 2000's Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water. entity features an eclectic and diverse sound, but is also similar in style to the band's earlier albums. The album, which featured the single \"Shotgun\" and received mixed reviews, sold 27,000 copies during its first week in the United States and peaked at No. 16 on the Billboard 200. This is their last album for a decade, until the band released their next album, Still Sucks in 2021.", "music    entity is Limp Bizkit's sixth studio album, released on June 24, 2011. The album marks the return of the full original line-up, following the departure of guitarist Wes Borland following the release of The Unquestionable Truth. 2010, the unofficial list of titles is posted by Durst on Twitter along with four video teasers of a few seconds each. You can also find a video on YouTube where Fred drives while listening to Shark Attack.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres south of Przasnysz and 84 km north of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Krasne in Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "competition    entity were held at the Athens Olympic Stadium from August 20 to 21. In the first round, the first three runners from each of the eight heats, together with the eight next fastest overall runners , automatically qualified for the second round. In the second round, these thirty-two runners competed in four heats, with the first three from each heat and the four next fastest overall advancing to the semifinals. In the semifinals, only the first four runners from each of the two heats move on to the final .", "competition    entity is won by Belarusian Yulia Nestsiarenka.", "video game    entity was a French software publisher that produced and published video games for various platforms. Its head office was located in Parc de l'Esplanade in Lagny sur Marne in Greater Paris. At one time, it was instead located in Montfermeil, also in Greater Paris.", "video game    entity was a French video game development and publishing company, active between 1985 and 2004. The company's head office was located in Lagny-sur-Marne and Montfermeil.", "sportsman    entity is a former Kazakhstani professional ice hockey defenceman who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship and the 2006 Winter Olympics as a member of the Kazakhstan men's national ice hockey team. On September 15, 2012, Vladmir's wife was killed in an automobile accident in rural Kazakhstan. His son Viktor Antipin is also hockey player, and played for the NHL's Buffalo Sabres. He is currently an ice hockey coach.", "sportsman    entity is a Kazakh professional ice hockey player turned coach. He is the father of Viktor Antipine.", "city    entity is a village in the municipality of Tomislavgrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "city    entity is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina . It is located in the municipality of Tomislavgrad and in the canton of Western Bosnia, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina .", "government    entity is a state in the South Central region of the United States, bordered by the state of Texas on the south and west, Kansas on the north, Missouri on the northeast, Arkansas on the east, New Mexico on the west, and Colorado on the northwest. Partially in the western extreme of the Upland South, it is the 20th-most extensive and the 28th-most populous of the 50 United States. Its residents are known as entityns , and its capital and largest city is entity City.", "government    entity is a state in the South Central United States. It is bordered to the north by Colorado and Kansas, to the east by Missouri and Arkansas, to the west by New Mexico and to the south by Texas from which it is separated by the Red River of the South. With an estimated population of 3,642,361 in 2008 and an area of \u200b\u200b177,847 km2, entity is the 28th most populous state and the 20th largest in the Federation.", "movie    entity is a 2011 American 4D action comedy film written and directed by Robert Rodriguez. It is the fourth and final installment in the Spy Kids film series, and is a stand-alone sequel to 2003's Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over. The film stars Jessica Alba, Joel McHale, Alexa Vega, Daryl Sabara, Rowan Blanchard, Mason Cook, Ricky Gervais, and Jeremy Piven. It is the only film in the series without the participation of Antonio Banderas or Carla Gugino and not to be distributed by Miramax Films.", "movie    entity is an American film by Robert Rodriguez released in August 2011 in the United States, but unreleased in French theaters. This is the 4th film in the Spy Kids saga which began in 2001. The film was designed in \u201c4D\u201d because in addition to being in 3D, it is in odorama thanks to scented scratch cards.", "city    entity is a coastal city in the U.S. state of Connecticut. It is located on entity Harbor on the northern shore of Long Island Sound in entity County, Connecticut, and is part of the New York City metropolitan area. With a population of 134,023 as determined by the 2020 United States Census, entity is now the third-largest city in Connecticut after Bridgeport, and Stamford. entity is the principal municipality of Greater entity, which had a total population of 864,835 as of 2020.", "city    entity is a city in south-central Connecticut, United States. With 124,791 inhabitants, it is the second largest city in the state. Yale University located downtown is one of the most prestigious in the country and in the world.", "army    entity was the unified armed forces of Nazi Germany from 1935 to 1945. It consisted of the Heer , the Kriegsmarine and the Luftwaffe . The designation \"Wehrmacht\" replaced the previously-used term Reichswehr, and was the manifestation of the Nazi regime's efforts to rearm Germany to a greater extent than the Treaty of Versailles permitted.", "army    entity is the name carried by the German army in the Third Reich of Adolf Hitler from the reform of 1935 and until August 1946, when the German capitulation of May 7, 1945 within the framework of the Second World War is formally recognized.", "music    entity is a compilation album by the American rock band Jefferson Airplane. Released in January 1977 as a double-LP as Grunt CYL2-1255, it is a compilation of Jefferson Airplane and Airplane-related tracks, including tracks by Jefferson Starship and Hot Tuna, as well as solo tracks by Paul Kantner, Grace Slick, and Jorma Kaukonen. Although primarily a compilation album, the album includes one previously unreleased song: \"Please Come Back\" written by Ron Nagle and performed by Jefferson Starship. \"Please Come Back\" is not available on any other release.", "music    entity is a compilation released in 1977, which includes titles from Jefferson Airplane and the various formations that emerged from it, including Jefferson Starship and Hot Tuna. It has never been reissued on CD.", "war    entity was a conflict fought between the British Empire and the two Boer Republics over the Empire's influence in Southern Africa from 1899 to 1902. Triggered by the discovery of diamond and gold deposits in the Boer republics, the Boers launched successful attacks against British outposts in the opening stages of the war before being pushed back by imperial reinforcements. Though the British swiftly occupied the Boer republics, numerous Boers refused to accept defeat and engaged in guerrilla warfare. Eventually, British scorched earth policies brought the r", "war    The Second Boer War, generally referred to as the Boer War or also the South African War, the Second Anglo-Boer War and in Afrikaans Boereoorlog or Tweede Vryheidsoorlog, refers to the second conflict that occurred in South Africa on October 11, 1899 on May 31, 1902, between the British and the inhabitants of the two main independent Boer republics.", "singer    entity is a retired Slovak professional ice hockey centre. He last played for MHK Dubnica in the Slovak 2. Liga. Pavlikovsk\u00fd was part of the Slovakia men's national ice hockey team which won the 2002 IIHF World Championships. He also competed in the men's tournament at the 2002 Winter Olympics. He last played the 2012-13 season with Link\u00f6ping in the Elitserien.", "singer    entity is a Slovak professional ice hockey player. He plays in the center position. He is the brother of Richard Pavlikovsky.", "city    entity is a town in the district of Oberpullendorf in the Austrian state of Burgenland.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of Oberpullendorf in Burgenland, Austria.", "music    entity is an EP by Beirut, released in 2007. It features only the work of Zach Condon and pre-dates the Gulag Orkestar debut album. While initially only available exclusively through eMusic and Rough Trade Digital, it later could be found on iTunes and Amazon. The Amazon version included a third song called \"Monna Pomona\". The album cover features Zach Condon and his younger brother Ross Condon .", "music    entity is an EP from Beirut. There is only the work of Zach Condon. While it was initially available on eMusic and Rough Trade Digital, it can now be found on iTunes. The album jacket depicts Zach Condon and his brother Ross Condon.", "city    entity is the capital of India and a part of the National Capital Territory of Delhi. entity is the seat of all three branches of the government of India, hosting the Rashtrapati Bhavan, Parliament House, and the Supreme Court of India. Within the NCT there are two entities called entity with different extents: a municipal council administrated by the NDMC, which covers mostly Lutyens' Delhi and adjacent areas, and a larger administrative district.", "city    entity is the capital of India. It houses the seat of government of India, the Parliament, the residence of the President and the Supreme Court.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at the Aut\u00f3dromo Hermanos Rodr\u00edguez in Mexico City on 1 November 2015. The race, which was contested over seventy-one laps, was the seventeenth race of the 2015 Formula One season. It marked the seventeenth time that the Mexican Grand Prix had been run as a round of the Formula One World Championship since its inception in 1950, and the first time that the race had been run since 1992.", "competition    entity is the 933 round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950. It is the sixteenth edition of the Mexican Grand Prix counting for the Formula 1 world championship run on the same circuit and the seventeenth round of the 2015 championship.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bedlno, within Kutno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres south of Bedlno, 18 km south-east of Kutno, and 43 km north of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "stadium    entity is a village in Bedlno Gmina, Kutno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland .", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and the current head coach of the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League . As a defenceman, he played for the Chicago Blackhawks in the NHL. He is also a former head coach of the Washington Capitals.", "sports team    entity is a retired professional ice hockey player and coach.", "royal    entity was a French cardinal and diplomat. He was the sixth member elected to occupy Seat 3 of the Acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise in 1744. Bernis was one of the most prominent figures in the autobiography of Giacomo Casanova Histoire de ma vie starting from the chapter on \"Convent Affairs\".", "royal    entity was a French diplomat, man of letters and prelate who was ambassador to Venice, Minister of State, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, Charge d'Affaires to the Holy See.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Oasis, from their fifth studio album Heathen Chemistry, and is the first single by Oasis written by vocalist Liam Gallagher. Released on 3 February 2003, the song reached number three on the UK Singles Chart, number two on the Canadian Singles Chart, and the top 10 in Ireland and Italy. During an interview with The Matt Morgan Podcast, Liam's brother and bandmate Noel Gallagher called the track a \"perfect\" song.", "music    entity is a track by English alternative rock band Oasis, the ninth track and fourth single from their fifth studio album Heathen Chemistry. Released on February 3, 2003 in the United Kingdom, it reached number 3 in the English charts. This single has the characteristic of being the first single written and composed by Liam Gallagher, but also of being the shortest with its 2 minutes 09. Liam said of the song: \"I like beautiful things... Everything is not dark in my world.", "sports team    entity are an American professional baseball team based in the New York City borough of Queens. The Mets compete in Major League Baseball as a member of the National League East division. They are one of two major league clubs based in New York City, the other being the American League's New York Yankees. One of baseball's first expansion teams, the Mets were founded in 1962 to replace New York's departed NL teams, the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Giants. The team's colors evoke the blue of the Dodgers and the orange of the Giants.", "sports team    entity was founded in 1962 and has been playing since 2009 at Citi Field. They are part of the East Division of the National League.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Ku\u010devo, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 809 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Ku \u010d evo, district of Brani \u010d evo. At the 2011 census, it had 671 inhabitants.", "music    entity is a song by British electronic music band Depeche Mode. It was released as the lead single from their fifth studio album, Black Celebration , on 10 February 1986, through Mute Records. Written by the band's lead songwriter Martin Gore, entity has been described as an \"ominous and intriguing pop song\". It incorporates different samples into its instrumental; most notably, the sound of an idling motorcycle engine was taken, altered slightly, then used as a percussive element.", "music    entity is the fifteenth single from Depeche Mode, released on February 10, 1986, the first single from the album Black Celebration. This title reached number 15 on the UK Best Selling Singles Chart, and entered the Top 10 in several European countries.", "sportsman    entity is an Afghan professional footballer who plays for FC Gie\u00dfen.", "sportsman    entity is an Afghan-born German football player.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, from her fifth studio album, 1989 . For the song, Swift was inspired by a romantic relationship of hers that ended sooner than she expected due to the constant anxiety it evoked. Written and produced by Swift and Jack Antonoff, it is a synth-pop and indietronica song featuring heavy synthesizers, looping drums and layered background vocals. The song was initially released as a promotional single for the album on October 14, 2014, through Big Machine Records.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released as a promotional single on October 14, 2014, to promote her fifth studio album 1989. The song received generally positive reviews, describing it as \"Taylor Swift's boldest and most jaw-dropping song\". December 22 , 'entity' is announced as the sixth single from the 1989 album. Its music video was released on December 31, 2015.", "army    entity was a unit of the Prussian/German Army. It was formed in Crossen in 1816 as a brigade, moved to Frankfurt an der Oder in 1817, and became the 5th Division on September 5, 1818. The headquarters moved to Berlin in 1840 and back to Frankfurt in 1845. The division was subordinated in peacetime to the III Army Corps . The division was disbanded in 1919 during the demobilization of the German Army after World War I. The division was recruited in the Province of Brandenburg.", "army    entity was a unit of the German army which took part in the Duchy and Austro-Prussian wars. Later she fought in the Franco-German war of 1870, then in the First World War. At the start of this conflict, the 5th Infantry Division was part of the 1st German Army and fought in the Battle of the Marne, then became involved in the Race to the Sea.", "government    entity is a landlocked province of the People's Republic of China, part of the South Central China region. Located in the middle reaches of the Yangtze watershed, it borders the province-level divisions of Hubei to the north, Jiangxi to the east, Guangdong and Guangxi to the south, Guizhou to the west and Chongqing to the northwest. Its capital and largest city is Changsha, which also abuts the Xiang River. With a population of just over 67 million as of 2014 residing in an area of approximately 210,000 km2 , it is China's 7th most populous province and the 10th most extensive province by area. Its 2020 nominal GDP was more than US$600 billion, appearing in the top 30 largest sub-national economies in the world with its PPP GDP being over US$1", "government    entity is a Chinese province in the interior of China. Its capital is Changsha.", "royal    entity was a French chemist who patented the reaction for converting ammonia to nitric acid, which was later used in the Ostwald process. He was both a research scientist and a professor at Universit\u00e9 Lille Nord de France. He promoted chemical engineering education for science graduates in Lille and supported the development of \u00c9cole centrale de Lille . As an entrepreneur starting in 1829, he established his own chemical company producing sulfuric acid. This company later merged into Pechiney Ugine Kuhlmann group.", "royal    entity was a French chemist, university researcher and industrialist. He made a fortune in the industrial production of sulfuric acid and superphosphates. A pioneer in the application of science to the industrial arts in 1823, he founded the Kuhlmann establishments, one of the main French chemical industrial groups of the 19th century and which would become \u201cP\u00e9chiney-Ugine-Kuhlmann\u201d in the 20th century.", "competition    entity is widely regarded as one of the best F1 drivers never to win a championship Grand Prix. His reputation for bad luck was such that fellow driver Mario Andretti once joked that \"if he became an undertaker, people would stop dying\". Former Ferrari Technical Director Mauro Forghieri stated that Amon was \"by far the best test driver I have ever worked with. He had all the qualities to be a World Champion but bad luck just wouldn't let him be\".", "competition    entity is a former racing driver from New Zealand. He competed in fourteen Formula 1 seasons, from 1963 to 1976, i.e. 96 Grands Prix, without winning any championship victory. He scored 11 podiums and finished in the points 30 times.", "war    entity is a 2006 action-adventure stealth video game developed by Kojima Productions and published by Konami for the PlayStation Portable. The game was directed by Masahiro Yamamoto and written by Gakuto Mikumo, with series creator Hideo Kojima acting as producer.", "war    entity is an action-stealth video game developed by Kojima Productions and published by Konami in 2006 for the PlayStation Portable. Specially developed for the PSP portable console, this episode of the Metal Gear series is set in the 1970s , during the so-called D\u00e9tente period, six years after the events of Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater. The player embodies Big Boss, the genetic father of Solid Snake.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, featured on his 2009 album Relapse: Refill, the reissue of his album Relapse.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Eminem, taken from the reissue of the album Relapse, Relapse: Refill released in 2009. Written and composed by Eminem, Dr. Dre, Mark Batson, Dawaun Parker and Trevor Lawrence, produced by Dr. Dre, it didn't come out as a single. The song is distributed by Interscope Records, Aftermath Entertainment, the label of Dr. Dre and Shady Records, a label founded by Eminem and Paul Rosenberg. The song charted eighty-second in the United States.", "singer    entity is a British singer and actress. She rose to fame in late 2003 with her multi-platinum debut album, The Soul Sessions, which made the 2004 Mercury Prize shortlist. Her second album, the similarly multi-platinum Mind Body & Soul , topped the UK Albums Chart and spawned the top ten hit \"You Had Me\", Stone's most successful single on the UK Singles Chart to date. Both the album and single received one nomination at the 2005 Grammy Awards, while Stone herself was nominated for Best New Artist, and in an annual BBC poll of music critics, Sound of 2004, was ranked fifth as a predicted breakthrough act of 2004. She became the youngest British female singer to top the UK Albums Chart. Stone's third album, Introduci", "singer    entity is an English soul music singer and actress.", "music    entity is a 1988 song recorded by the French artist Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. The song was released as a single twice: as the second single from her second studio album Ainsi soit je... on 4 April 1988, and as the second single in a live version from her second live album Live \u00e0 Bercy on 20 August 1997. Both versions achieved a relative success on the charts, failing twice to reach the top ten in France.", "music    entity is the eighth single of Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's career, released in April 1988. It is the second extract from the eponymous album.", "sportsman    entity is a German former professional footballer who played as a midfielder and striker. He is currently the sporting director of Hannover 96.", "sportsman    entity is a German international footballer born July 18, 1983 in Waldbr\u00f6l. He is 1.80m tall. He plays as a striker or attacking midfielder.", "war    entity is the first EP and debut release by American heavy metal band Born of Osiris. It was released on October 2, 2007 through Sumerian Records. entity was written entirely by drummer Cameron Losch when he was 14\u201316 years old and produced by The Faceless guitarist Michael Keene. It is also the last release by the band with guitarist Matthew C. Pantelis. Pantelis went on to join deathcore band Veil of Maya after entity.", "war    entity is the debut studio album by American deathcore band Born of Osiris. The album was released on October 2, 2007 under the Sumerian Records label. It should be noted that this is not the first production of Born of Osiris, but it is the first produced under this name. Indeed, the members have changed their name several times, they have already produced several demos under several different names.", "school    entity is a 2006 British-American romance film written and directed by Kenneth Branagh, based on William Shakespeare's play of the same name. The film stars Romola Garai, Bryce Dallas Howard, Kevin Kline, Adrian Lester, Janet McTeer, Alfred Molina, David Oyelowo and Brian Blessed in a dual role. The film premiered in Italy on 1 September 2006 before being released by Picturehouse in the United States on 21 August 2007 and by Lionsgate in the United Kingdom on 21 September 2007. It received mixed reviews from critics.", "school    entity is an American comedy-drama directed by Kenneth Branagh, adaptation of the comedy entity by Shakespeare, released in 2006.", "language    entity is an Iranian language. entity is spoken by some 600 individuals of the entity ethnic group in eastern Afghanistan, mainly in the upper part of Nijrab District, northeast of Kabul, out of a total ethnic entity population of some 5,000. It is closely related to the Ormuri language of Kaniguram in South Waziristan, Pakistan. entity is usually classified as a member of the Southeastern group of the Eastern Iranian languages, although this is an areal group rather than a genetical one.", "language    entity is an Iranian language spoken in the valleys of Nijrau and Tagau, as well as north of Gulbahar, in Panjshir in Afghanistan.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Kesha, taken from her debut studio album, Animal . It was released as the album's third single on May 14, 2010. The song was written by Kesha and Pebe Sebert, with Ammo, who co-produced the song with Dr. Luke and Benny Blanco. entity's initial writing took place during a plane ride. Described by Kesha as a \"pretty happy\" song with dark undertones, the song's inspiration came from Kesha's relationship with an ex-boyfriend. Written about the couple's codependency, the song compares their love for one another to a drug.", "music    entity is a song by American artist Kesha from her debut album, Animal. It was released as the third single on May 21, 2010. The song was written by Kesha, Pebe Sebert and Ammo, who produced the song with Benny Blanco and Dr. Luke. The inspiration for entity was born during a plane trip.", "war    entity is a 1992 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Tsui Hark, and starring Jet Li as Chinese martial arts master and folk hero of Cantonese ethnicity, Wong Fei-hung. It is the second instalment in the Once Upon a Time in China film series, and co-stars Donnie Yen, Rosamund Kwan and Max Mok. The iconic theme song, \"A Man Should Better Himself\" , was performed in Cantonese by George Lam at the beginning of the film, and by Jackie Chan in the end credits. Chan also sang the Mandarin version.", "war    entity is a 1992 Hong Kong film directed by Tsui Hark.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey club based in Bratislava, Slovakia. In 2012, it left the Slovak Extraliga and joined the international Kontinental Hockey League . In 2019, it returned to the Tipos Extraliga. The club has won eight Slovak championships , one Czechoslovak championship and one IIHF Continental Cup , making it the second most successful hockey club in Slovak history after their biggest rival HC Ko\u0161ice. The team plays its home games at Ondrej Nepela Arena, also known as Slovnaft Arena. The team is nicknamed Belas\u00ed, which means the \"sky blues\" in English.", "sports team    entity is the ice hockey team of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia. The team plays in the KHL.", "sports team    entity is the only player in NHL history to die as a direct result of injuries suffered during a game, the result of massive head injuries suffered following a hit during a January 13, 1968 contest against the Oakland Seals.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian naturalized American professional ice hockey player who plays in the center position.", "war    entity is the seventh full-length album by Norwegian heavy metal band Enslaved. Beyond it being their last full-length for production company Osmose , a few lineup changes would take place. This would be the last album Enslaved recorded with Dirge Rep on drums . They would also enlist a full-time keyboardist in Herbrand Larsen , bringing the band personnel from four to five.", "war    entity is the seventh studio album by Norwegian black metal band Enslaved. The album was released on April 14, 2003 under the Osmose Productions label. This is the band's first album whose lyrics are written entirely in English.", "music    entity is the soundtrack album to Roy Battersby's 1970 documentary film The Body, about human biology, narrated by Vanessa Redgrave and Frank Finlay.", "music    entity is an album by Roger Waters and Ron Geesin released in 1970.", "music    entity is the third album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, his second released on the ECM label, and is performed by Garbarek's quintet featuring Bobo Stenson, Terje Rypdal, Arild Andersen and Jon Christensen.", "music    entity is the third album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, released in 1971 on the Edition of Contemporary Music label. Besides Garbarek on saxophones, the album features Terje Rypdal on electric guitar, Bobo Stenson on piano, Arild Andersen on electric bass, and Jon Christensen on percussion. The disc was recorded on April 14 and 15, 1971 at Bendiksen Studio, Oslo, by sound engineer Jan Erik Kongshaug.", "music    entity is a song by American musician Prince, from the 1989 Batman soundtrack. Helped by the film's popularity, the song reached number one in the US, becoming Prince's fourth American number-one single and his first number-one hit since \"Kiss\".", "music    entity is a song by Prince, taken from the Batman movie soundtrack. The single charted at number one in the United States, becoming Prince's fourth number-one single, and first since Kiss. found this song too dark.", "video game    entity is an independent, privately held American video game company. The company was established in 2005 by Erez Goren and Todd Harris. entity' games include the squad-based shooter Global Agenda, the critically acclaimed Tribes: Ascend, the third-person MOBA Smite, the hero shooter Paladins, and the third-person shooter Rogue Company. In 2012, entity was recognized as a Top 30 Video-Game Developer by Game Developer Magazine and Gamasutra. Hi-Rez are the current owners of the Metaltech license, including Battledrome, Earthsiege, Starsiege, the CyberStorm series, and the Tribes series. With the exception of Battledrome and CyberStorm, the games were released as freeware by Hi-Rez on October 30, 2015.", "video game    entity is an American video game development company founded in 2005. In 2014, entity invested $10 million to expand its offices and recruit 30 new people.", "sportsman    entity is a Burkinab\u00e9 professional footballer who plays for Omani club Muscat Club as a midfielder.", "sportsman    entity is a Burkinabe footballer, who plays as a midfielder at Valletta Football Club in the Maltese first division.", "city    entity is the central urban district of the city of Luzhou, in the Sichuan province of China.", "city    entity is a city in Sichuan province in China. It is the capital of the eponymous district which depends on the city-prefecture of Luzhou.", "music    entity is the 7th single of Japanese girl group Kalafina. The title track is the opening theme to the anime series Sound of the Sky .", "music    entity is the 7th single by Kalafina released under the Sony Music Entertainment Japan label on January 20, 2010 in Japan. It reached #7 in the Oricon chart. It sold 10,514 copies in the first week, and remained ranked for 11 weeks for a total of 20,281 copies sold. It is Kalafina's 3rd best-selling single to date. It is released in CD and CD+DVD format. entity was used as the opening credits for the anime The Sound of Music.", "music    entity is the ninth studio album by American hip hop band The Roots. It was released on June 22, 2010, by Def Jam Recordings. Produced primarily by band members Black Thought, Questlove, Dice Raw, and Rick Friedrich, entity features a subtle, somber sound and lyrics concerning themes of self-determination, existentialism, and African-American middle-class angst. Although primarily a hip hop album, its music also draws on indie rock, soul, funk, gospel, and neo soul styles.", "music    entity is the ninth studio album by The Roots, released on June 22, 2010.", "music    entity is the second track on the 1991 Genesis album We Can't Dance and its fourth single. The song is a satire of televangelism, released in a period when several televangelists such as Jimmy Swaggart, Robert Tilton and Jim Bakker were under investigation for promising financial success to their listeners, provided they sent money to them. The song reached No. 10 in Canada, No. 20 in the United Kingdom and No. 23 in the United States.", "music    entity is a song by Genesis from the album We Can't Dance. Second track of the album, it is the 4th single taken from it. The song is a satire of televangelism. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "music    entity is a song by English rock band The Cure, released as the fourth and final single from their tenth studio album Wild Mood Swings in December 1996. The single contained numerous remixes as B-sides.", "music    entity is a song by the band The Cure appearing on the album Wild Mood Swings. It was released as a single on November 12, 1996 in a remixed version in 4-track CD format.", "music    entity is a song by English indie rock band Kasabian, featured on their 2004 debut album, Kasabian. It was released on 10 May 2004 in the UK. The video of this song, directed by W.I.Z., is dedicated to Czech student Jan Palach who in 1969 set himself on fire in protest against renewed Soviet suppression of Czechoslovakia. The video also refers to the Soviet government's intervention in the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 on a banner showing the text in Hungarian , which translates as \"Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty\". The scene with the inspector girl who stands before the tank harks back to the young man who stood in front of the line of tanks in 1989 in Tiananmen Square, which itself has become an icon for resistance.", "music    entity is the second single from British rock band Kasabian, released on May 10, 2004, a few months before the release of their self-titled studio album. It is the band's first to enter the UK Singles Chart.", "city    entity is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.", "city    entity is a city in the southern Brazilian state of Santa Catarina.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn, within Pozna\u8245 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a village in the gmina of Kostrzyn in Pozna\u0144 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.", "music    entity is a German independent record label. Founded on 1 January 1984, it has slowly grown to be one of the largest independent distributors and record labels worldwide. It has several sub-labels that it produces and distributes, including the labels Steamhammer , Long Branch Records , Oblivion , SPV Recordings and Cash Machine Records .", "music    entity is an independent German label created in 1984 in Hanover, distributor of Roadrunner Records. It has a distribution agreement with Sony Music.", "city    entity is a city in eastern Bavaria, at the confluence of the Danube, Naab and Regen rivers. It is capital of the Upper Palatinate subregion of the state in the south of Germany. With more than 150,000 inhabitants, entity is the fourth-largest city in the State of Bavaria after Munich, Nuremberg and Augsburg. From its foundation as an imperial Roman river fort, the city has been the political, economic and cultural center of the surrounding region; it is still known in the Romance languages by a cognate of its Latin name of \"Ratisbona\" . Later, under the rule of the Holy Roman Empire, it housed the Perpetual Diet of entity.", "city    entity is a German city, located in the Land of Bavaria and bathed by the Danube. It is located 88 kilometers from Nuremberg and 103 kilometers from Munich, close to the Czech Republic. The city is the capital of the district of Upper Palatinate and of the Landkreis of entity. At the end of 2012, the city had 157,234 inhabitants. It is thus, by size, the fourth largest city in Bavaria after Munich, Nuremberg and Augsburg.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France. It is one of many villages in the north of France bearing the name Estr\u00e9es. The etymology of the name is from strata which developed into \"estr\u00e9e\" - the word for the stone-layered Roman roads in the area . Hence \"entity\", \"Mesnil On The Road\".", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Eure in the Haute-Normandie region.", "war    entity was a Swiss extreme metal band formed in 1987 in Sion, Valais.", "war    entity is a Swiss dark metal band created in 1987, with five albums to its credit.", "music    entity is a song recorded by the American rock band Blink-182 for their third studio album, Enema of the State . It was released as the third and final single from Enema of the State on March 14, 2000 through MCA Records. entity shares writing credits between the band's guitarist Tom DeLonge and bassist Mark Hoppus, but Hoppus was the primary composer of the song. The track concerns suicide, depression and loneliness. It incorporates a piano in its bridge section and was regarded as one of the most serious songs the band had written to that point.", "music    entity is a song by Blink-182 which appears on the album Enema of the State. The single version was released on September 5, 2000 and the song is sung in full by Mark Hoppus. entity wants to be serious, which contrasts with the usually humorous and offbeat lyrics of the group. Most notably, the lyrics highlight teenage depression and suicide.", "city    entity is the largest and most populous city in the U.S. state of Oregon, and the seat of Multnomah County. It is a major port in the Willamette Valley region of the Pacific Northwest, at the confluence of the Willamette and Columbia rivers in Northwestern Oregon. As of 2020, entity had a population of 652,503, making it the 25th-most populated city in the United States, the sixth-most populous on the West Coast, and the second-most populous in the Pacific Northwest, after Seattle. Approximately 2.5 million people live in the entity metropolitan statistical area , making it the 25th most populous in the United States. Its combined statistical area ranks 19th-largest with a population of around 3.2 million. Approximately 47% of Oregon's population", "city    entity is the largest city in Oregon, a state in the northwestern United States. Located near the confluence of the Columbia River and the Willamette River in the northwest of the country, it is the third most populous city in the Pacific Northwest, after Seattle and Vancouver. It had 583,776 inhabitants at the 2010 census, the 29th most populous city in the country. Its agglomeration had 2,226,009 inhabitants, the 23rd largest urban area in the country.", "music    entity is a 1995 song by American singer-songwriter Michael Jackson. It was composed by Jackson, James Harris III and Terry Lewis, and was included on his album HIStory: Past, Present and Future, Book I. Although the original version of entity was not released as a single, it was later remixed in 1997 as part of Jackson's remix album project Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix. These remixes would be released as part of \"HIStory/Ghosts\", a double A-side single with the newly recorded song \"Ghosts\" as the second single from that album.", "music    entity is the second single from Michael Jackson's album Blood on the Dance Floor - HIStory in the Mix released in May 1997. This single is a \"double A-sides\" : \"HIStory'\" ; \"Ghosts\" .", "music    entity is the tenth and final studio album by American singer Michael Jackson, released on October 30, 2001, by Epic Records. It was Jackson's sixth studio album released through Epic, and his last released before his death in 2009. The album features appearances from Carlos Santana, The Notorious B.I.G. and Slash. It incorporates R&B, pop and soul, and, similarly to Jackson's previous material, the album explores themes such as love, romance, isolation, media criticism, and social issues.", "music    entity is the tenth and final album by singer Michael Jackson, released on October 30, 2001. Sold over 13 million copies worldwide, the album debuted at No. 1 on the US Billboard chart and in thirteen different countries and was certified double platinum disc in the United States on December 3, 2001. entity is a mixed success, compared to the sales achieved by the previous albums of Michael Jackson.", "war    entity is a 1992 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Ringo Lam and Tsui Hark, and starring Jackie Chan in a double role as identical twin brothers separated at birth.", "war    entity is a Hong Kong film directed by Tsui Hark and Ringo Lam, released on January 25, 1992.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Remedy Entertainment and published by Microsoft Studios. The game is a downloadable follow-up and spin-off to its predecessor, Alan Wake. The game is an Xbox 360 title and was released on 22 February 2012 worldwide. A Microsoft Windows version was released on 22 May 2012 in North America, 29 June 2012 in Europe and 15 November 2012 in Australia.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Finnish studio Remedy Entertainment and published by Microsoft Game Studios. The game is billed as a spin-off to the original title and not a direct sequel.", "music    entity is the fifteenth studio album by American recording artist Prince. It was released on August 16, 1994 by Warner Bros. Records. At the time of its release, Prince was in a public dispute with his then-record company, Warner Bros. The album would be Prince's final Warner Bros. album under his name. For the remainder of his contract with the company, his name would be represented by the \"Love Symbol\", and he would be referred to as \"The Artist Formerly Known as Prince\".", "music    entity is a Prince album released in 1994, the same year as The Black Album.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American singer-songwriter Jazmine Sullivan. It was released on September 23, 2008, through J Records. Production for the album took place during 2007 to 2008 and was handled by several record producers, including Missy Elliott, Stargate, Carvin & Ivan, Wyclef Jean, Jack Splash and Salaam Remi.", "music    entity is the debut album by Jazmine Sullivan, a young singer and songwriter born in 1987. It was released on September 23, 2008 in the United States.", "actor    entity is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Kunshan in the China League One.", "actor    entity is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shandong Luneng Taishan. He scored his second goal with a strike from 30 yards against Al-Ittihad after a 7-2 loss for the 2005 Asian Championship.", "company    entity is the division of the SNCF group responsible for freight transportation and logistics. The CEO of entity is Alain Picard The division includes the activities of: Geodis , general land transport and logistics; Fret SNCF the national rail freight operator as well as Captrain France , Captrain, , combining the former Fret SNCF International and operations acquired from Veolia Cargo; rail vehicle leasing operations such as Ermewa, France Wagons, Akiem and Transengrais; and the automobile transportation company STVA.", "company    entity is the public railway company, under EPIC status, for the transport of goods of the SNCF in France. Fret SNCF is part of the \"Rail transport of goods\" division of SNCF Logistique, within SNCF Mobilities.", "music    entity is the ninth album by Squarepusher, which was widely released on 27 October 2008. The album had been available to purchase as a download from bleep.com on 15 September 2008. The album originated in a daydream, in which Tom Jenkinson envisioned a rock band performing a concert against the backdrop of a large, glowing coathanger. The performance quickly became surreal: among other things, a river forces the band to kayak whilst performing; the guitarist is able to accelerate or decelerate time at will; and every drum in the drummer's kit begins to switch places with each another. As such, the majority of the album consists of Jenkinson's own version of jazz fusion, threaded through with classical guitar, math rock and funk recordings.", "music    entity is an album created by Squarepusher, which was physically released on October 27, 2008.", "music    entity is a live album by Melvins, which was released in 1998 through Amphetamine Reptile Records. Recorded live August 23, 1997, at the Corner Hotel in Richmond, Melbourne, Australia. The Melvins opened for the Cosmic Psychos in Richmond on August 22, August 23 and 24.", "music    entity is a live album by the Melvins, recorded live on August 23, 1997 in Richmond , and released in 1998 on Amphetamine Reptile Records.", "sports team    entity was relocated to Montreal after five seasons due to low attendance and travel costs. The Voyageurs played their first two seasons , as the Montreal Voyageurs and were the affiliate of the National Hockey League's Montreal Canadiens.", "sports team    entity are a professional ice hockey franchise that played in Halifax in the province of Nova Scotia in Canada and existed from 1971 to 1984.", "music    entity is a song by American alternative rock band Pixies, and is the first song on their 1989 album Doolittle. The song was written and sung by frontman Black Francis and was produced by Gil Norton during Doolittle's recording sessions.", "music    entity is a song performed by American alternative rock band Pixies; it is the first track from their 1989 album Doolittle. Written and performed by bandleader Black Francis, the song was first produced by Gil Norton during Doolittle's recording session. The single Head On includes a live version of the song, recorded in Chicago on August 9, 1989, and a entity recording from December 16, 2004, in New York featured on \"Hey\" \u2013", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and only town is Szyd\u0142owiec, which lies 110 kilometres south of Warsaw. The county covers an area of 452.22 square kilometres . As of 2019 its total population is 39,766, out of which the population of Szyd\u0142owiec is 11,736, and the rural population is 28,030.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Mazovia Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland, created in 1999 during the administrative reform . It was born on January 1, 1999, following Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its powiat administrative seat is the town of Szyd \u0142 owiec , the only town in the powiat, which lies 110 kilometers south of Warsaw, the capital of Poland.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. A figure in the alternative and grunge scenes of the 1990s, her career has spanned four decades. She rose to prominence as the lead vocalist of the alternative rock band Hole, which she formed in 1989. Love has drawn public attention for her uninhibited live performances and confrontational lyrics, as well as her highly publicized personal life following her marriage to Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain. In 2020, NME named her \"one of the most influential singers in alternative culture of the last 30 years.\"", "singer    entity is an American musician and actress born July 9, 1964 in San Francisco. She is the widow of Nirvana frontman Kurt Cobain.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Snoop Dogg featuring American musician Pharrell Williams. It was released on September 27, 2004, as the lead single from Snoop Dogg's seventh studio album, R&G : The Masterpiece . The song was produced by The Neptunes . Snoop performs the chorus and the second and third verses, while Pharrell performs the first verse. It is regarded as an iconic song. On December 10, 2009, entity was named the most popular rap song of the decade by Billboard.", "music    entity is a number one hip-hop single by American rapper Snoop Dogg featuring Pharrell released in 2004. Snoop Dogg performs the chorus and the second and third verses. Pharrell performs the first verse. It was produced by The Neptunes.", "music    entity is a New Orleans\u2013derived, Chicago-based American electronic music act, formerly comprising Charles Cooper and Joshua Eustis. Since Cooper's accidental death in 2009, entity has continued with Eustis as the sole official member. Eustis was also a touring member of Puscifer and Nine Inch Nails for a time.", "music    entity is an electronic music duo, formed in 1999 by Joshua Eustis and Charles Cooper. They are from New Orleans. In 2001, they signed with Chicago-based electronic music label Hefty!Records. They are best known for their work in Intelligent Dance Music. Their debut album Fahrenheit Fair Enough was released on September 18, 2001 to critical acclaim.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres west of Krasne, 10 km south-west of Przasnysz, and 83 km north of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Krasne in Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "music    entity is a 1959 album by Duke Ellington and His Orchestra which contains a \"formidable gallery of jazz stars\" guesting, including Dizzy Gillespie and Jimmy Rushing . It featured also a 9-strong percussion section on two tracks. The recording was first digitally remixed by Larry Keyes and remastered by Vlado Meller in 1987 and released on CD in the \"CBS Jazz Masterpieces\" series. A new remastering by Bernie Grundman in the early 2000s was first issued by Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab.", "music    entity is an album recorded in 1959 by Duke Ellington and his orchestra which had joined some distinguished guests: Dizzy Gillespie, Jimmy Rushing, Jimmy Jones as well as 9 percussionists.", "music    entity is an album by American composer and saxophonist/multi-instrumentalist John Zorn. It comprises radically reworked covers of tracks by the Italian film composer Ennio Morricone. The album is named after a 1966 Spaghetti Western of the same name, directed by Sergio Sollima, starring Lee Van Cleef, and scored by Morricone. The album was first released in 1985 on the Nonesuch/Icon label. In 2000 a remastered 15th Anniversary Edition with additional tracks was released on CD on Zorn's Tzadik Records label.", "music    entity is an album by John Zorn released in 1985 on the Nonesuch/Icon label before being reissued, remastered, by Tzadik in 2000 with 6 bonus tracks. The compositions are by Ennio Morricone, with the exception of Tre Nel 5000, the arrangements and direction by John Zorn. Each composition is played by a different set of musicians. Morricone called the album a success: \u201cIt's a record that has new, good and smart ideas.", "music    entity is a 1980 song, the third and final single to be released from the album Never for Ever, by Kate Bush. It was a UK top 20 hit in October 1980.", "music    entity is a song by British singer Kate Bush, it's the third and final single from her third album Never for Ever. It was written and produced by Kate Bush and reached the top 20 of the UK Singles Chart.", "video game    entity are the client and server, respectively, of a collaborative client-server software platform formerly sold by IBM, now by HCL Technologies. Lotus Development Corporation originally developed \"Lotus Notes\" in 1989. IBM bought Lotus in 1995 and it became known as the Lotus Development division of IBM. As late as 2015, it formed part of the IBM Software and Systems Group under the name \"IBM Collaboration Solutions\". HCL acquired the products in July 2019.", "video game    entity is a collaborative work software, used in companies or administrations to manage projects, emails and exchanges of information around a common base. Originally named IBM Lotus Notes, it has been renamed IBM Notes since version 9, then entity. In early December 2018, IBM entered into an agreement with HCL Technologies for the sale of this business. On July 1, 2019, HCL Technologies confirmed the official closing, at the end of June 2019, of the acquisition", "language    entity is associated with abstract expressionism and the Bay Area Figurative Movement of the 1950s and 1960s. In the late 1960s he began his extensive series of geometric, lyrical abstract paintings. Known as the Ocean Park paintings, these paintings were instrumental to his achievement of worldwide acclaim.", "language    entity is a 20th century American painter. His beginnings are associated with abstract expressionism and the San Francisco school, a figurative movement of the 1950s and 1960s. Later, his work contributed to his inscription in the history of world art.", "army    entity was a unit of the Prussian/German Army. It was formed on October 11, 1866, and initially headquartered in Kiel. It moved its headquarters to Schwerin in 1871. The division was subordinated in peacetime to the IX Army Corps . The division was disbanded in 1919 during the demobilization of the German Army after World War I.", "army    entity was a unit of the German army which took part in the Franco-Prussian War of 1870 and the First World War.", "music    entity is the twelfth studio album by the American rock band Journey. It was the band's last album with lead singer Steve Augeri and second album with drummer Deen Castronovo, confirming the line-up of 2000's Arrival and 2002's Red 13 EP. The album was given away for free by the band during most of the concerts of the entity Tour in 2005, and subsequently released on Sanctuary Records later the same year.", "music    entity is the thirteenth musical album by American rock band Journey. This album was released on August 29, 2005 in Europe and October 4, 2005 in the United States. This album by Journey is the band's 13th studio album and the third for singer Steve Augeri after Arrival and Red 13. During their American tour of in the summer of 2005, all viewers received a free copy of the album.", "city    entity is one of several villages in the administrative district of Gmina Wrze\u8263nia, within Wrze\u8263nia County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres south-east of Wrze\u8263nia and 51 km east of the regional capital Pozna\u8245.", "city    entity is a village in the Gmina of Wrze \u015b nia in Wrze \u015b nia County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "music    entity is a song written by Jeff Lynne and originally recorded by Electric Light Orchestra . First released on the band's fourth album Eldorado in September 1974, the song is the second track on the album and follows \"Eldorado Overture\". The song was released in November the same year as a single.", "music    entity is a song by Electric Light Orchestra, released in 1974 on the album Eldorado. It was the first single from the album, with Illusions in G Major as the B-side. This single, released the same year, charted at #9 in the US and was ELO's first US Top 10 entry.", "music    entity is a song by American R&B singer Usher. It was released on February 22, 2012, by RCA Records as the lead single from his 2012 studio album Looking 4 Myself. The song was written by Usher, Ariel Rechtshaid, Redd Stylez, and Diplo, who also produced the song. Usher and Diplo worked on the song for two months as part of their collaboration for the former's album. The song is a quiet storm slow jam with electronic influences, and lyrics about the turning point of a relationship. According to Usher, the song is primarily about the complications of a relationship, despite the lyrics' sexual overtones.", "music    entity is a song by American artist Usher released on February 22, 2012 by RCA Records. 1st single from the 7th studio album Looking 4 Myself, the song was written by Usher Raymond, Ariel Rechtshaid, Redd Stylez and by American DJ Diplo who also produced it. Usher and Diplo worked on this song for two months for Usher's album.", "music    entity were an English pop band formed in Islington, London, in 1979. Inspired by the capital's post-punk underground dance scene, they emerged at the start of the 1980s as the house band for the Blitz Kids, playing \"European Dance Music\" as \"The Applause\" for this new club culture's audience. They became one of the most successful groups of the New Romantic era of British pop and were part of the Second British Invasion of the Billboard Top 40 in the 1980s, selling 25 million albums and having 23 hit singles worldwide. The band have had eight UK top 10 albums, including three greatest hits compilations and an album of re-recorded material. Their musical influences ranged from punk rock and soul music to the American crooners Frank Sinatra and To", "music    entity is a British rock and new wave band formed in 1979 in London. Their first names are successively The Cut and The Makers: the definitive name comes from a graffiti spotted by a roadie in Berlin, of which Spandau is a district. Initially inspired by a mix of funk, jazz, rock and synthesizer, the band eventually mellowed and they were seen as pioneers of the New Romantics movement of the 1980s.", "war    entity is the sixth studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at The Abyss in January 1999 and released in June 1999 by Osmose Productions. The theme of the album is fire, as Nightwing was blood, and La Grande Danse Macabre would be death, forming a trilogy of \"Blood, Fire, and Death\", Marduk's vision of what black metal is, unending grimness . entity was the last Marduk release by Osmose Productions.", "war    entity is the sixth studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. The album was released in June 1999 under the Osmose Productions label. This is the last album the band released under this label. entity is the second album in the trilogy of blood, war and death, the band's vision of black metal. The predecessor being Nightwing and the next being La Grande Danse Macabre.", "actor    entity was a Spanish spy who acted as a double agent loyal to Great Britain against Nazi Germany during World War II, when he relocated to Britain to carry out fictitious spying activities for the Germans. He was given the codename Garbo by the British; their German counterparts codenamed him Alaric and referred to his non-existent spy network as \"Arabal\".", "actor    entity was a Spanish double agent during World War II.", "singer    entity is a German singer, best known for her work with avant-rock groups including Slapp Happy, Henry Cow, and Art Bears. She is also noted for her coverage of songs by Bertolt Brecht, Kurt Weill and Hanns Eisler. Her unusual singing style makes her voice instantly recognisable and has defined the sound of many of the bands with whom she has worked.", "singer    entity is a German singer, famous for her interpretations of texts by Bertolt Brecht, Kurt Weill and Hanns Eisler and for her instantly recognizable voice.", "music    entity is the debut album by American hip hop recording artist Rah Digga. It was released via Flipmode/Elektra in 2000. The album went on to sell over 396,000 units in the United States and another 321,000 copies sold worldwide. The album reached number 18 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and number three on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.", "music    entity is Rah Digga's debut studio album, released on November 2, 1999. The album ranked #3 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #18 on the Billboard 200.", "sportsman    entity is an Uruguayan defender player who currently plays for Defensor Sporting.", "sportsman    entity is a Uruguayan footballer, born on July 21, 1989 in Montevideo who plays as a left-back in the Hungarian club \u00fajpest FC.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward. He played in the National Hockey League with the Florida Panthers.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player playing as a forward.", "music    entity is a song recorded by Greek composer Vangelis. It was the soundtrack from Ridley Scott's 1992 film 1492: Conquest of Paradise and the lead single from the album of the same name. The song achieved success in many territories, including Flanders, Germany, the Netherlands, and Switzerland where it topped the singles chart, but was a relative failure in UK where it only peaked at number 60. The song's popularity had been boosted in Germany by boxer Henry Maske using it as his theme song. Its chord progression is based on the old European theme La Follia.", "music    entity is a track by Vangelis from the soundtrack to Ridley Scott's 1492: Christopher Columbus. It is inspired by the Folia, one of the oldest European musical themes, which probably appeared in the 15th century in Portugal.Portail de la musique Portal de la musique \u2022 Chanson section", "music    entity is a keyboard-based house track by the Swedish DJ and producer Eric Prydz. It received moderate airplay amongst British radio stations, being heavily used by BBC Radio 1 in advertisements for their \"Radio 1 Big Weekend\" and \"Weekend in Ibiza\" events. The single peaked at number six on the Swedish Singles Chart. entity found success outside Sweden, particularly in the United Kingdom, where it peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart and topped the country's Dance chart for ten non-consecutive weeks.", "music    entity is a song by Swedish DJ Eric Prydz. The house genre single met with huge success on the European charts following an entry at number 2 in the UK charts. It is, along with Call on Me, Eric Prydz's greatest hit. In 2008, entity was the flagship title of the famous Winter Music Conference in Miami. bass.", "music    entity is a song by the American band Kiss. It was the lead single from the group's 1985 studio album Asylum.", "music    entity is a song by American hard rock band Kiss. entity is a ballad written and composed by Paul Stanley based on a Stevie Wonder song, Uptight. The album cover of the single is identical to that of the album, simply stylized with the title of the single instead of the album. The song charted at number 51 on the Billboard Hot 100 on November 30, 1985.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, and actor whose career spans over 50 years. With a raspy voice and a stage show that features numerous props and stage illusions, including pyrotechnics, guillotines, electric chairs, fake blood, reptiles, baby dolls, and dueling swords, Cooper is considered by music journalists and peers to be \"The Godfather of Shock Rock\". He has drawn equally from horror films, vaudeville, and garage rock to pioneer a macabre and theatrical brand of rock designed to shock audiences.", "singer    entity is an American hard rock singer and songwriter whose career spans over five decades. By his attitude and his appearance, he is recognized as being the main father of shock rock. Originally, entity was a real group, with Vincent Furnier on vocals and sometimes on harmonica, Glen Buxton and Michael Bruce on guitar, Dennis Dunaway on bass and Neal Smith on drums.", "music    entity is a song by English musician David Bowie; it serves as the second single from his twenty-fourth studio album The Next Day. The song's official music video was released on 25 February 2013 and the song itself was released for digital download the following day. In the UK it joined BBC Radio 2's Playlist in the B list in March 2013, \"The Next Day\" was also the album of the week beginning 11 March, the week in which it was released. The song was released with \"Where Are We Now?\" \u2013 the album's first single \u2013 on a limited edition 7\" 45 vinyl record on 20 April 2013 in celebration of Record Store Day. In December 2013 the song was nominated for a 2014 Grammy Award in the category 'Best Rock Performance'.", "music    entity is a song by David Bowie released in February 2013. It is the second extract from his twenty-fourth studio album The Next Day. Its music video, directed by Floria Sigismondi, is released on February 25. Bowie appears there alongside Tilda Swinton, Andrej Pejic, Saskia de Brauw and Iselin Steiro. The song is available on iTunes the next day.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, taken from her fifth studio album, 1989. The song was released to US radio stations as the second single from 1989 on November 10, 2014, by Republic Records in partnership with Swift's label at the time, Big Machine. Swift co-wrote entity with its producers Max Martin and Shellback. For the lyrics, she conceived the song as a satirical self-referential nod to her reputation as a flirtatious woman with a series of romantic attachments, which blemished her once-wholesome girl next door image. Musically, it is an electropop song with minimal hip hop-influenced beats.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on November 10, 2014 as the second single from the artist's fifth studio album, 1989. The track was a hit in North America, Australia, and, to a lesser extent, Europe.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszk\u00f3w, within \u0141uk\u00f3w County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres east of Wojcieszk\u00f3w, 17 km south of \u0141uk\u00f3w, and 60 km north of the regional capital Lublin.", "airport    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Wojcieszk\u00f3w in \u0141uk\u00f3w County , Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American rock band Monster Magnet, released on June 16, 1998. The album was the band's commercial breakthrough, achieving mainstream success due largely to the hit single, \"Space Lord\". Other hit songs on the album include \"entity\", \"Temple of Your Dreams\", and \"See You in Hell\". The album itself, reached #1 on the Heatseekers Charts, #21 in the German Charts, #65 in the UK Charts, and #97 on the Billboard 200. The album was certified gold by the RIAA on January 25, 1999.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American band Monster Magnet.", "music    entity is a 2004 studio album by Luke Vibert, released under the alias entity. Originally released in 2004 on Rephlex Records, it was re-released in 2016 on Hypercolour.", "music    entity is an electronic music album by entity, released in 2004 on Rephlex Records.", "music    entity is a single by American rock band Shinedown from their 2008 album The Sound of Madness and is also the album's title track, despite the exclusion of the word \"the\" in the song's title. The song was chosen to be the title track after some road testing on a short run of dates. It was released on February 23, 2009, in Europe. The song peaked at No. 1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, making it their third straight single to reach the top spot on the chart. This made Shinedown the only band to have their first 10 singles all reach the top five on the Mainstream Rock chart. It also reached No. 5 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart, making it the band's fourth top ten hit and third top five hit.", "music    entity is Shinedown's tenth single released in 2008.", "music    entity is a genre of music originating in South Korea as part of South Korean culture. It is influenced by styles and genres from around the world, such as pop, experimental, rock, jazz, gospel, hip hop, R&B, reggae, electronic dance, folk, country, and classical on top of its traditional Korean music roots. The more modern form of the genre emerged with the formation of one of the earliest K-pop groups, the boy band Seo Taiji and Boys, in 1992. Their experimentation with different styles and genres of music and integration of foreign musical elements helped reshape and modernize South Korea's contemporary music scene.", "music    entity is a term for a musical genre originating in South Korea, characterized by a wide variety of audiovisual elements.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American hip hop duo M.O.P. from Brownsville, New York. It was released on August 11, 1998 via Relativity Records. DJ Premier has produced five songs on the album and also serves as an executive producer of the project . The LP features more guest-appearances than previous M.O.P. projects; cameos include Jay-Z, Freddie Foxxx, Gang Starr, O.C., Heather B., Teflon, and Treach from Naughty By Nature.", "music    entity is MOP's third studio album, released on August 11, 1998. The album charted at #14 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #80 on the Billboard 200.", "music    entity is a song by American alternative rock band the Smashing Pumpkins, written by lead vocalist and guitarist Billy Corgan. The song, though seemingly upbeat, contains dark lyrics. Corgan wrote the song about a day in which he was having suicidal thoughts, exemplified by the reference to self-mutilation in the bridge. The contrast between the grim subject matter of the song and the soft instrumental part during the verses, coupled with use of irony in the lyrics, left many listeners unaware of the song's tale of depression and desperation. The song alternates between quiet, dreamy verses and loud choruses with layered, distorted guitar.", "music    entity is a single by American rock band The Smashing Pumpkins, taken from their second album Siamese Dream.", "sportsman    entity is an Italian former footballer, who played as a striker. During his club career, he played for Messina , Juventus , Internazionale and J\u00fabilo Iwata .", "sportsman    entity is a former Italian footballer, born in Palermo on December 1, 1964. In 1990, the striker won the Italian Cup and the UEFA Cup with Juventus. He took part in the 1990 World Cup, which the Italian team played at home. Schillaci is crowned best player and top scorer of this tournament, where Italy obtains 3rd place.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune in the department of Indre-et-Loire, in the Center region. Its inhabitants are called Fagiens and Fagiennes.", "mountain    entity is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps, located north of the Dom in the canton of Valais. It belongs to the Mischabel massif, which lies between the Mattertal and the Saastal. The northern side of the Balfrin is covered by a glacier named Balfringletscher. On the south side is the larger Ried Glacier.", "mountain    entity is a peak in the Valais Alps, in Switzerland. It culminates at 3,796 m above sea level. It is located in the Mischabels massif, near the Dom des Mischabel.Portail de la montagne Portal de la montagne Geography portal of Switzerland Geography portal of Switzerland Portal of the Alps Portal of the Alps", "city    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the town of Drzewica, which lies approximately 15 kilometres north-east of Opoczno and 79 km south-east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The gmina covers an area of 118.42 square kilometres , and as of 2016 its total population is 10,649 .", "city    entity is a mixed gmina in the county of Opoczno, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , in central Poland. Its seat is the town of entity , which lies about 15 km northeast of Opoczno and 79 km southeast of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b118.42 km2 for a population of 11,053 inhabitants.", "singer    entity is an American rapper and record executive. He is regarded by many contemporaries as one of the most influential hip hop artists of his generation, and often cited as one of the greatest rappers of all time. His career began in 1995, at the age of 12, when he was signed by rapper Birdman, joining Cash Money Records as the youngest member of the label. From then on, Wayne was the flagship artist of Cash Money Records before ending his association with the company in June 2018.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, producer and entrepreneur born September 27, 1982 in New Orleans, Louisiana. Active since the mid-1990s, he is particularly known for his Tha Carter quadrilogy, his grating flow, his typed metaphors, his characteristic puns, his comparisons and the Young Money Entertainment label of which he is the founder.", "war    entity is an expansion pack for the 1997 first-person shooter Star Wars Jedi Knight: Dark Forces II, developed and published by LucasArts for Microsoft Windows in 1998. It was later re-released on Steam in September 2009. The expansion includes a new single-player story mode and fifteen multiplayer maps. The single-player story, set in the fictional Star Wars expanded universe five years after the events of Dark Forces II, follows both returning protagonist Kyle Katarn, a Jedi Master and mercenary working for the New Republic, and Mara Jade, a character featured in numerous Star Wars expanded universe works, who is being trained by Katarn in the Jedi arts. After Katarn goes missing while investigating an ancient Sith temple, Jade continues her studies", "war    entity is a first-person shooter video game developed and published by LucasArts Entertainment, released in 1998 for Microsoft Windows. It is an expansion for Star Wars: Jedi Knight - Dark Forces II set in the Star Wars universe. The player once again embodies the Jedi knight Kyle Katarn who has become a Jedi master as well as Mara Jade, his apprentice.", "city    entity is the third largest city in terms of infrastructure development and second largest city in terms of size and population in Zambia. With a population of 517,543 entity is one of the most developed commercial and industrial areas in the nation, alongside Ndola and Lusaka. It has a complex of mines on its north-western and western edges.", "city    entity is a mining town in the Copperbelt Province of Zambia. With 504,194 inhabitants in 2010, it is the second most populous city in the country after the capital Lusaka. The population of entity district stood at 522,092 inhabitants in 2010.", "sports team    entity is a Russian former professional ice hockey player. Khmylev played 11 seasons in his native Russia for Krylya Sovetov before being selected as a 27-year-old in the 5th round, 108th overall, of the 1992 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player.", "army    entity was a unit of the Royal Bavarian Army which served alongside the Prussian Army as part of the Imperial German Army. The division was formed on November 27, 1815, as the Infantry Division of the Munich General Command . It was called the 2nd Army Division between 1822 and 1848, again between 1851 and 1859, and again from 1869 to 1872. It was called the 2nd Infantry Division from 1848 to 1851 and was named the Augsburg General Command from 1859 to 1869. From April 1, 1872, until mobilization for World War I, it was the 2nd Division. In Bavarian sources, it was not generally referred to as a \"Royal Bavarian\" division, as this was considered self-evident, but outside Bavaria, this des", "army    entity is a unit of the Bavarian army engaged in the Austro-Prussian War of 1866 alongside the Austrian Empire, then in the Franco-German War of 1870 against the French. The Bavarian army is attached to the German army and fights during the First World War. At the outbreak of the conflict, it formed with the 1st Bavarian Infantry Division the 1st Bavarian Army Corps. It fights initially in Lorraine in Sarrebourg then while continuing the", "sports team    entity are an ice hockey team based in Hamburg, Germany. They currently are members of the North division of the Oberliga, the third level of ice hockey in Germany. The team plays its home games at , located in the district of Farmsen-Berne.The club colors are red and black, supplemented by white and green.", "sports team    entity are a German ice hockey club based in Hamburg.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of G\u00f6ppingen in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg, Germany.", "city    entity is a municipality located in Germany in the Land of Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg.", "city    entity is a district of Suining, Sichuan province, People's Republic of China.", "city    entity is an administrative subdivision of Sichuan Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Suining.", "actor    entity is an Israeli-American mathematician working on graph theory and combinatorial optimization. She is a 2012 MacArthur Fellow.", "actor    entity is a mathematician of Russian origin, Israeli nationality, permanent resident in the United States. She is an associate professor in the Department of Industrial Engineering and Operations Research at Columbia University, with an attachment to the Department of Mathematics.", "singer    entity is a Canadian-American musician, singer, songwriter and actress. Known for her emotive mezzo-soprano voice, Morissette began her career in Canada in the early 1990s with two mildly successful dance-pop albums. Afterward, as part of a recording deal, she moved to Holmby Hills, Los Angeles. In 1995, she released Jagged Little Pill, a more rock-oriented album which sold more than 33 million copies globally and is her most critically acclaimed work to date. This was made into a rock musical of the same name in 2017, which earned 15 Tony Award nominations including Best Musical. Her more experimental follow-up album, electronic-infused Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie, was released in 1998.", "singer    entity is a Canadian rock singer. His international career began in 1995 with the hugely successful album Jagged Little Pill.", "city    entity is the national cathedral of the Church of Ireland. Christ Church Cathedral, also a Church of Ireland cathedral in Dublin, is designated as the local cathedral of the Diocese of Dublin and Glendalough.", "city    St. Patrick's Cathedral, the seat of Anglican worship in the Church of Ireland and notably the Diocese of Dublin and Glendalough, stands in the southern quarters of Old Town Dublin, the capital of Ireland, on a former place of worship.", "singer    entity was a noted Latvian poet, translator and tutor. She was a recipient of the State Prize of Latvian SSR , USSR State Prize , and the Order of the Red Banner of Labour.", "singer    entity is a member of the Union of Soviet Writers and a Distinguished People's Poet of the Latvian SSR. She was also awarded the Order of the Red Banner of Labor in 1956 and the State Prize of the USSR in 1967. Mirdza \u0136 empe was married to the writer Eriks \u0101 damsons .", "music    entity is a 2005 song recorded by the French artist Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. This pop ballad was the third single from her sixth studio album, Avant que l'ombre..., and was released on 2 January 2006. Like all other tracks of the parent album, it was written by Farmer and the music was composed by Laurent Boutonnat. The song has poetic lyrics and a melancholy music, and is about death, memory, and hope. About three months before the release, Farmer exceptionally accepted to perform the song in a television show, which she did not for other singles from Avant que l'ombre.... The accompanying music video, filmed by Fran\u00e7ois Hanss and broadcast from 11 January 2006, shows Farmer singing in a sculpture workshop. In spite of being a top ten hit in France, entity be", "music    entity is Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's fortieth single released on January 2, 2006. It is the third single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's sixth studio album, Avant que l'ombre....", "army    entity was a French Army infantry regiment that dates back to 1469, where it was originally created as the Francs Archers Angoumois. In 1755, the Augoumois battalion was stationed in Louisiana on a harbor defense mission. The regiment was later stationed\u2014similarly\u2014on a mission in 1772 led by the Pondicherry regiment in India. The 107th was one of many regiments created under the Ancient Regime to serve on board naval ships and in the colonies, and subsequently, all such regiments were\u2014in 1791\u2014given a number in the line-infantry order of battle. This means that the 107th could be considered as \"ancestors\" of the naval infantry regiments.", "army    entity is a regiment of the French army. The origins of the 107th RI go back to Louis XI who, in 1469, created the Francs Archers d'Angoumois. In 1755, a battalion of the Augoumois regiment was stationed in Louisiana where it devoted itself to harbor defence. It was a similar mission that took it a few years later, in 1772, to India where it took the name of the Pondicherry regiment.", "music    entity is the 17th studio album by Peter Hammill, originally released on Enigma Records in 1990 and subsequently re-released on Hammill's own Fie! label. Hammill himself considers this album to be a turning point from his mid-eighties style. Two of the performers are credited by the nicknames they were given when they were part of Hammill's K Group in the 1980s: John Ellis as \"Fury\" and Nic Potter as \"Mozart\". The song \"A Way Out\" is believed to be about the suicide of Hammill's brother.", "music    entity is Peter Hammill's seventeenth studio album, released in 1989.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Jamaican-American singer Sean Kingston. The album was released on September 7, 2009. Despite \"Fire Burning\" being a huge summer hit in 2009, the album only peaked at #37 on the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart with only 13,000 copies sold in the first week of release. It dropped out of the top 40 the next week, falling 50 spots to #87.", "music    entity is the second album by Jamaican singer Sean Kingston, released in 2009.", "war    entity is a 1939 American Western film starring John Wayne, Ray \"Crash\" Corrigan, Raymond Hatton, and Jennifer Jones. This was the last of eight Three Mesquiteers Western B-movies with Wayne . A restored 35 mm copy of the film exists, and was screened at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City as part of a 2007 John Wayne centennial retrospective, which included The Big Trail, The Searchers, and True Grit. The leading lady is Jennifer Jones, billed as Phylis Isley, in her film debut. The director was George Sherman.", "war    entity is an American western directed by George Sherman, released in 1939.", "body of water    entity is a river located on the border of northern Nicaragua and southern Honduras. It is the longest river that runs entirely within the Central American isthmus with a total length of 841 km . The river originates in the Somoto Canyon National Monument, near where the Pan American Highway crosses into Nicaragua, and flows through low mountainous terrain 841 kilometres into the Caribbean Sea at Cabo Gracias a Dios; the middle and lower reaches form the Honduras-Nicaragua border.", "body of water    entity is the longest river in Central America.", "singer    entity is a Haitian rapper, singer, songwriter and actor. At the age of nine, Jean immigrated to the United States with his family. He first achieved fame as a member of the New Jersey hip hop group the Fugees, alongside Lauryn Hill and Pras Michel. They released the albums Blunted on Reality and The Score , the latter becoming one of the best-selling albums of all time. Jean would follow this with the release of his first solo studio album, Wyclef Jean Presents The Carnival , which contains his top ten hit \"Gone till November\".", "singer    entity is a Haitian singer, rapper, guitarist and producer. He was a member of The Fugees and sold 31 million records.", "city    entity is a bairro in the District of Sede in the municipality of Santa Maria, in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. It is located in central Santa Maria.", "city    entity is a district of the Brazilian city of Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul. The neighborhood is located in Sede district.", "stadium    entity is an American former professional baseball player. He played all or part of six seasons in Major League Baseball from 1989\u201395, primarily as a catcher.", "stadium    entity is a former Major League Baseball player. He played as a receiver for the Chicago White Sox in 1989, then from 1991 to 1993, before joining the Cleveland Indians in 1994 and the Minnesota Twins in 1995.", "music    entity is the fourth album by American rock band Jefferson Starship. The album was recorded in 1977, with the same band lineup as the previous album, Spitfire and released in 1978. The band had not toured in 1977, partly due to Marty Balin's reluctance to commit to the band. The song \"Count on Me\" became a Top 10 single, peaking at No. 8. The album hit No. 5 on the Billboard charts. A US and European tour followed. A riot in West Germany occurred after the band decided not to play without Grace Slick, who was inebriated. They lost their guitars and equipment during the riot and played one more tense show on West German TV in Hamburg, after which Slick left the band for one album. Marty Balin led the band for one more show at a Genesis concert at the Knebworth Festival in England using rente", "music    entity is an album by Jefferson Starship released on February 6, 1978. After its release, Marty Balin, Grace Slick and John Barbata left the group.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Topola, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 558 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Topola, district of \u0160umadija. At the 2011 census, it had 508 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the fourth album by American hard rock band Montrose. It is the second Montrose album to feature singer Bob James and keyboardist Jim Alcivar, and features bassist Randy Jo Hobbs on three songs. The remainder of the bass parts were supplied by Jim Alcivar via the keyboard and there was no bassist on the entity tour. Jack Douglas produced the album. entity was the band's third highest-charting release, reaching No. 118 on the Billboard 200 in October 1976.", "music    entity is Montrose's fourth album and the last before Mean, released in 1987, eleven years later.", "music    entity was certified Gold, and spawned the band's fifth top 50 single \"Loverboy\".", "music    entity are a British pop punk band from Weybridge, Surrey, England.", "sportsman    entity is a Cypriot professional footballer who plays as a winger for Cypriot club Anorthosis.", "sportsman    entity is a Cypriot international footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder. He currently plays for Swiss club FC Sion.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 25 March 2012 at the Sepang International Circuit in Selangor, Malaysia. It was the fourteenth running of the Malaysian Grand Prix as a round of the Formula One World Championship, and the thirty-second time the event has been held. The 56-lap race was the second round of the 2012 Formula One season and was won by Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso.Sergio P\u00e9rez of the Sauber team finished the race in second position, and McLaren driver Lewis Hamilton completed the podium with third place after starting in pole position.", "competition    entity is the 860th Formula One World Championship event run since 1950.", "music    entity is a house song performed by French DJ David Guetta, featuring vocals from singer Chris Willis. The track was released as the second single from Guetta's second studio album, Guetta Blaster on September 13, 2004. The single was not released in the United Kingdom. In certain territories, the single was released as a double A-side with the French only single \"Money\". A music video for the track exists, but it does not feature either Guetta or Willis. The single found the most success on the Belgian Singles Chart, peaking at #10.", "music    entity is a song by French DJ David Guetta. This is the second track from the Guetta Blaster album. David Guetta is featuring the American singer Chris Willis. The single was released in stores in France in August 2004. The song is built mainly of a single verse and a chorus that recurs regularly throughout the song.", "war    entity is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Dio, released on May 15, 1990. It displayed a complete change of musician line-up over the previous Dream Evil album, including 18-year-old guitarist Rowan Robertson, and Simon Wright on drums who had played with AC/DC from 1983 to 1989. The song \"Evil on Queen Street\" takes its title from a deli in Toronto which had a sandwich with that name\u2014per Dio on Much Music in 1990.", "war    entity is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Dio. The title of the album was originally to be called Metallic Blue. The cover of entity was illustrated by Wil Rees. The title Hey Angel was released as a single on September 17, 1990 with the songs Why Are They Watching Me, Rock 'N' Roll Children and Mystery as Side-B. Hey Angel is the only single from the album entity.", "singer    entity was born in Winterthur, Switzerland. She was a Swiss artist and illustrator noted primarily for working in the artist's books genre by creating accordion fold books that re-tell classic fairy tales with symbols rather than words .", "singer    Warja Lavater a Swiss painter, illustrator and author.", "sports team    entity is a former NHL goaltender who last played for the Hannover Scorpions in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. Throughout his 12-year National Hockey League career, Kidd played for the Calgary Flames, Carolina Hurricanes, Florida Panthers and Toronto Maple Leafs. A first-round draft pick, Kidd was selected 11th overall by the Flames in the 1990 NHL Entry Draft.", "sports team    entity is a retired professional ice hockey player who played as a goaltender.", "music    entity is an American hip hop record producer and DJ from Manhattan, New York. Aside from his solo efforts released on the Ninja Tune label, he is most associated with producing tracks for Aesop Rock. He has been a member of the groups such as Party Fun Action Committee and The Mighty Jones.", "music    entity is an American hip-hop producer based in Manhattan, New York. Apart from his solo compositions on the Ninja Tune label, he produces for Aesop Rock, rapper of the independent hip-hop label Definitive Jux. He has also previously worked with rappers SA Smash, Slug, Mike Ladd and Murs, and is a member of the hip hop/comedy group Party Fun Action Committee. He is the son of Sidney Simon, a renowned sculptor in New York.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Pruszk\u00f3w, which lies 15 kilometres west of Warsaw. The county also contains the towns of Piast\u00f3w, lying 4 km north-east of Pruszk\u00f3w, and Brwin\u00f3w, 7 km south-west of Pruszk\u00f3w.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Mazovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "competition    entity was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 21st edition of the Challenge Bell, and was part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2013 WTA Tour. It took place at the PEPS de l'Universit\u00e9 Laval in Quebec City, Canada, from September 9 through September 15, 2013.", "competition    entity is a women's professional tennis tournament. The 2013 edition, classified in the International category, takes place from September 9 to 15, 2013.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region of Southern France. It is located in the Alpilles mountains, atop a rocky outcrop that is crowned with a ruined castle overlooking the plains to the south. Its name refers to its site: in Proven\u00e7al, bau\u00e7 is a rocky spur. From the village name the word bauxite was coined for aluminium ore when first discovered there by geologist Pierre Berthier in 1821.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne and the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Les Baux, located in the Alpilles massif, is today mainly a tourist site before being a place to live. They are one of the most beautiful villages in France and welcome more than one and a half million visitors a year.", "music    entity is a song by Canadian recording artist Avril Lavigne from her fourth studio album, Goodbye Lullaby . It was co-written by Lavigne, Max Martin and Shellback and produced by Martin and Shellback. entity was released on April 11, 2011 by RCA Records as the second single from the album to Australian radio stations and then on May 17 in the United States contemporary hit radio. Upon its release, the song received critical acclaim from music critics, who described the track as a \"sassy and catchy pop song\". It has charted inside the top-thirty on the Australian, Japanese and New Zealand charts, in addition to being certified by the recording industry associations of Australia and the United States. A music video directed by Shane Drake was filmed in April 2011 and released on May", "music    entity is a song by Canadian artist Avril Lavigne, taken from her fourth studio album, Goodbye Lullaby. entity is also the second single from the album Goodbye Lullaby, the first being What the Hell and the third Wish You Were Here.", "movie    entity was a Georgian film director, People's Artist of the USSR, best known for his Soviet-era drama films, including his 1964 World War II-themed Father of a Soldier.", "movie    entity is a Soviet director born on December 8, 1926 in Kutaisi in the Soviet Socialist Republic of Georgia, now Georgia.", "royal    entity was a Russian botanist. He was the Chief Botanist and Director of the Imperial Botanical Garden in St. Petersburg.", "royal    entity was a Russian botanist who was director of the Imperial Botanical Garden in Saint Petersburg.", "music    entity is the tenth studio album released only in Japan by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts. The album was released on April 27, 2004.", "music    entity is the twelfth album by Joan Jett and the Blackhearts released in 2004.", "singer    entity is an Australian singer, songwriter and record producer.", "singer    Vasiliki Karagiorgos, better known by the stage name Vassy, \u200b\u200bis an Australian singer and songwriter.", "music    entity is the eighth album by American singer/songwriter Jackson Browne, released in 1986 . It reached number 23 on The Billboard 200 chart. The title track as well as \"For America\" and \"In the Shape of a Heart\" were released as singles. The album was ranked number 88 on Rolling Stone's list of the best 100 albums of the 1980s. The album reached number 2 in Sweden.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by American rock singer-songwriter Jackson Browne.", "competition    entity is an arcade-style Formula One racing video game developed and manufactured by Sega for the Sega Genesis and Mega Drive, Master System, and the Game Gear in 1992. It is a follow-up to Super Monaco GP. The game was also endorsed by, and had technical input from, the then-Formula One champion Ayrton Senna. Gameplay includes a World Championship season, along with a three-race \"Senna GP\" mode.", "competition    entity is a racing video game released in 1992 and runs on Mega Drive, Master System and Game Gear. The game was developed and published by Sega. It follows the Super Monaco GP title from which it takes up the list of circuits.", "city    entity is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain, near the source of the river Piedra. According to the 2004 census , the municipality has a population of 111 inhabitants.", "city    entity is a municipality in Spain in the province of Guadalajara in the autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha.", "music    entity is a Japanese noise project started in 1979 by Masami Akita , best known for a style of harsh, confrontational noise. Since 1980, Akita has released over 400 recordings and has collaborated with various artists. In 2000, Extreme Records released the 50 CD box set Merzbox. Akita's work has been the subject of several remix albums and at least one tribute album. This, among other achievements, has helped entity to be regarded by some as the \"most important artist in noise\".", "music    entity is the pseudonym used by Japanese musician Masami Akita for most of his noise and experimental music recordings. Extremely prolific, he has published more than 300 recordings since 1979. He is one of the major figures of the Japanese noise scene.", "music    entity is a song recorded and performed by hard rock band Alter Bridge. The song was the second of three singles released off of the band's debut studio album, One Day Remains. It became their second top-ten hit, peaking at number seven on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.", "music    entity is Alter Bridge's second single, released in 2005.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno, within Wa\u0142cz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. Before 1772 the area was part of Kingdom of Poland, 1772-1945 Prussia and Germany. For more on its history, see Wa\u0142cz County. The village has a population of 240.", "airport    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Tuczno, in the powiat of Wa \u0142 cz, in the voivodeship of Western Pomerania .", "company    entity is a Dutch-domiciled multinational chemical company with American and British roots, incorporated in the Netherlands, with U.S. operations headquarters in Houston, Texas, and offices in London, UK. The company is the largest licensor of polyethylene and polypropylene technologies. It also produces ethylene, propylene, polyolefins, and oxyfuels.", "company    entity is a subsidiary of LyondellBasell Industries AF. Its European finance and US operations divisions filed for bankruptcy protection on January 6, 2009. .", "music    entity is the eighteenth studio album by Buckethead, and his fourth tour-only album. It was originally only sold on his 2006 tour, but was later made available on Travis Dickerson's record label TDRS music, until it eventually went out of print.", "music    entity was released in 2006. It contains the following tracks: King James; duration: 3:57 Gory Head Stump 2006 the Pageant of the Slunks; duration: 5:31 The Fairy and the Devil; duration: 2:58 Buddy Berckman's ballad; duration: 3:40 Mad Monster Party; duration: 3:24 Soothsayer; duration: 9:05 Col. Austin vs Col. Sanders A.K.A.", "competition    entity is a Brazilian former racing driver and businessman. Since his retirement, Piquet, a three-time World Champion, has been ranked among the greatest Formula One drivers in various motorsport polls.", "competition    entity is a Brazilian racing driver born August 17, 1952 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He notably won the Formula 1 World Championship title three times.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "government    entity is a political party in Algeria. It promotes secularism and has its principal power base in Kabylia, a major Berber-speaking region. Some consider it to take the position of a liberal party for the Berber-speaking population in Algerian politics.", "government    entity is an Algerian political party created on February 9, 1989. Sa\u00efd Sadi is one of the founding members and former president of the party. Mohcine Belabbas has been the new president of the RCD since March 10, 2012. The RCD defines itself as a secular party and claims to represent \"all Algerians\", although the majority of its electorate is Kabyle.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of Cuba. The heart of the La Habana province, entity is the country's main port and leading commercial center. The city has a population of 2.1 million inhabitants, and it spans a total of 781.58 km2 \u2013 making it the largest city by area, the most populous city, and the fourth largest metropolitan area in the Caribbean region.", "city    entity is the capital, a port and the economic center of Cuba. The city is also one of the fourteen Cuban provinces. The city/province has a population of 2.4 million, while the metropolitan area has over 3.7 million, making entity the largest city in the Caribbean.", "movie    entity is the lead single by P.O.D. from The Matrix Reloaded: The Album. The film soundtrack was released on May 6, 2003 by Warner Bros. Records/Maverick Records with the single itself available May 26. The US edition only includes the title track while the UK/Australia edition, released June 3, includes the video and two more songs. entity was later released as a bonus track on P.O.D.'s studio album, Payable on Death.", "movie    entity is the POD single from The Matrix Reloaded: The Album. The soundtrack of the film, distributed by Warner Bros. Records/Maverick Records, was released on May 6, 2003, the single to him was available from May 26.", "city    entity is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The municipality contains part of the 7,993 hectares entity State Park, created in 1975.", "city    entity is a Brazilian city in the metropolitan mesoregion of Porto Alegre, capital of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, part of the microregion of entity and located 122 km southwest of Porto Alegre. It is located at a latitude of 30o 51' 06\" south and at a longitude of 51o 48' 45\" west, at an altitude of 39 m. Its population was estimated at 60,563 in 2007, for an area of \u200b\u200b1,680 km2.", "singer    entity is a French rapper, singer and songwriter. He is a part of the rap group Psy 4 de la Rime. After leaving the group to make his first solo album he recorded his solo debut Puisqu'il Faut Vivre which made the Billboard European Top 100. He returned in 2010 with a new solo album called La Colombe, which included collaborations with numerous artists such as Indila and Amadou & Mariam. He has continued to work with Psy4 de la Rime: their third album, Les Cit\u00e9s d'Or, was released in 2008, and their fourth album 4eme Dimension came out in April 2013.", "singer    entity is Sa\u00efd M'Roumbaba, is a French rapper and composer of Comorian origin, born on January 14, 1979, in Marseille.", "music    entity is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her seventh studio album, Unapologetic . It was serviced to urban radio stations in the United States on January 8, 2013, as the second US single, and third overall single from the album. It was later also sent to contemporary hit radio radios in the country. entity was co-written by Rock City and co-written and produced by Michael Williams and co-produced by JBo. It is a club, trap and R&B song with a minimal hip hop beat. Rihanna brags about her wealth, which serves as both a strip club anthem and a declaration of independence.", "music    entity is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, from her seventh studio album, Unapologetic. The song was released as the 3rd single in France, on April 15, 2013. entity was co-written and produced by hip-hop producer Mike Will Made It and co-produced by J-Bo. Additional writing was done by Theron Thomas, Timothy Thomas.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by English rock band the Who, released on 3 December 1965 by Brunswick Records in the United Kingdom, and Festival Records in Australia. In the United States, it was released on 25 April 1966 by Decca Records as The Who Sings entity, with a different cover and a slightly altered track listing. Besides the members of the Who, being Roger Daltrey , Pete Townshend , John Entwistle and Keith Moon , the album features contributions by session musician Nicky Hopkins .", "music    entity is a song by the British group The Who, which appeared on the album My Generation at the end of 1965 at the fifth track.", "brand    entity is a German luxury automotive marque. Mercedes-Benz and subsidiary Mercedes-Benz AG \u2013 of Daimler AG \u2013 are headquartered in Stuttgart, Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg, Germany. Mercedes-Benz produces consumer luxury vehicles and commercial vehicles. Its first Mercedes-Benz-badged vehicles were produced in 1926. In 2018, Mercedes-Benz was the largest seller of premium vehicles in the world, having sold 2.31 million passenger cars.", "brand    entity is an independent German automobile, tractor, truck and coach brand founded in 1926.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in France and Italy. The French name literally means \"Cursed Mountain\". Until the end of the 18th century, Mont Blanc and its satellite peaks were collectively known in French as the Montagne Maudite.", "mountain    entity is a summit of the Mont-Blanc massif culminating at 4,465 m.", "music    entity is a song by 3T. It was written by Kenneth \"Babyface\" Edmonds and Michael Jackson, and produced by Jackson. This single comes from the album Brotherhood and it was released in 1996. The song was selected to be part of Jackson's ninth album HIStory, but it was taken out and Jackson decided to give it away to his nephews. This song was well received in European and Asian charts.", "music    entity is a 3T song. It was written by Babyface and sung in duet with Michael Jackson. This single is part of the album Brotherhood which was released in 1996. The song was to be part of the album HIStory: Past, Present and Future - Book I, but it was taken and Michael Jackson decided to give it away to his nephews. The song was well received in European and Asian charts. A music video was produced to promote the single.", "music    entity is a ballad written and performed by Bob Dylan, recorded in New York City on August 7, 1963, and released in 1964 on his album The Times They Are a-Changin'. It features Dylan solo on the acoustic guitar, playing the song using fingerpicking.", "music    entity is a song by Bob Dylan, released in 1964 on his third album, The Times They Are a-Changin'. Like One Too Many Mornings, it is set in a fading romantic relationship, in the form of a dialogue between the two lovers. The singer's beloved leaves for Spain and asks him what he would like her to bring back, but she does not respond to his proofs of love, contenting herself with material suggestions.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Rick Ross. It was released on March 11, 2008, by Slip-n-Slide Records, Def Jam Recordings and Poe Boy Entertainment. The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, selling 198,000 copies in the first week. The album was a certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America . To date, the album has sold 700,000 copies in the United States.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Rick Ross, released on March 11, 2008.", "singer    entity is an Irish folk singer, songwriter, harpist, and philanthropist. She began performing professionally in 1970 when her family formed the band Clannad, and is considered the \"First Lady of Celtic Music\". Brennan released her first solo album in 1992 called M\u00e1ire, a successful venture. She has received a Grammy Award from five nominations and has won an Emmy Award. She has recorded music for several soundtracks, including Titanic, To End All Wars and King Arthur.", "singer    entity is an Irish folk singer. Moya began singing with her family in 1970 in the group Clannad made up of her brothers Ciar\u00e1n and P\u00f3l Brennan as well as her uncles Noel and Padraig Duggan. In 1979, her little sister Enya joined the group Clannad before beginning in 1983 an international singing career.", "sportsman    entity is a Costa Rican former footballer who played as a midfielder and was most recently the manager of the Costa Rica national team.", "sportsman    entity was a Costa Rican international footballer born on December 8, 1964. He plays as a midfielder.", "music    entity is the thirty-second studio album by American recording artist Prince. It was released on July 15, 2007 by NPG Records and distributed, in the UK, as a free covermount with The Mail on Sunday national newspaper. This was followed by the album's worldwide distribution. It features contributions from his newest prot\u00e9g\u00e9e Bria Valente and former New Power Generation members Marva King, Sonny T., and Michael Bland, as well as Sheila E. and former Revolution members Wendy & Lisa. The CD package's liner notes credit the album to Prince & The New Power Generation. The album debuted at number 3 on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 96,000 copies in its first week.", "music    entity is Prince's 23rd studio album released in 2007. The album was given away for free in the UK via The Mail on Sunday magazine on July 15, 2007 and released worldwide.", "city    entity is a city and commune of France, in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region, with a population of 143,886 . Its metropolitan area had 485,315 inhabitants at the 2017 census. It is the prefecture of the Puy-de-D\u00f4me department. Olivier Bianchi is its current mayor.", "city    entity is a city in central France, prefecture of the Puy-de-D\u00f4me department and capital of the Auvergne region. Partly for historical reasons, the city is often called \"Clermont\". It is the 23rd largest municipality in France with 141,569 inhabitants in 2012. With 467,178 inhabitants in 2011, it has the 19th largest urban area in France. The modern city is born from the union of two ancient towns, Clairmont and Montferrand.", "music    entity is a song written and performed by George Michael that was released on Epic Records in 1986.", "music    entity is a song written and performed by George Michael which was released on the Epic label in 1986. It is the 2nd solo single from George Michael, who was still part of the duo Wham! when the single was released.", "politician    entity is Alternate Minister for Fiscal Policy of the Hellenic Republic in the government of Kyriakos Mitsotakis, where he holds the portfolio of Government Expenditure. He is also a former Greek MEP, member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and Chairman of the Central Committee of the party Drassi.", "politician    entity is a Greek MP, member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and chairman of the Drassi party.", "competition    entity was a Grand Prix motor race held on 21 June 1936 at N\u00e9pliget Park in Budapest.", "competition    entity was held on the N\u00e9pliget circuit on June 21, 1936. It was won by the Italian Tazio Nuvolari.", "mountain    entity is a 1,635-metre-tall mountain in the Allg\u00e4u Alps of Bavaria, Germany. A lower summit of entity is the 1,613-metre-tall Zinken. There is a summit cross on both entity and Zinken.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Allg\u00e4u Alps culminating at 1,635 or 1,636 meters above sea level. Located on the border between Bavaria and Tyrol, it is on a quadripoint formed by the Austrian and German borders. 265 meters southwest of the Sorgschrofen, also on the border, is the Zinken, culminating at 1,613 meters. On each peak is a summit cross.", "singer    entity is a Spanish singer and songwriter. He started his recording career in the mid-nineties on Mexican indie label Fonovisa and became the bestselling Spanish-language act of the decade. By the turn of the millennium, he made a successful crossover into the mainstream English-language market. He signed a multi-album deal with Universal Music Group for US$68 million with Universal Music Latino to release his Spanish albums and Interscope Records to release English albums.", "singer    entity is a Spanish pop singer-songwriter, born May 8, 1975 in Madrid, Spain. He began his career in Mexico under an independent label, and then became one of the most famous artists in Latin America. At the end of the 1990s, he left his record company to sign a contract with Universal Music.", "war    entity is a 2010 American fantasy disaster drama film directed, co-produced, and scored by Clint Eastwood, written by Peter Morgan, and produced by Steven Spielberg. The film tells three parallel stories about three people affected by death in similar ways\u2014all three have issues of communicating with the dead; Matt Damon plays American factory worker George, who is able to communicate with the dead and who has worked professionally as a clairvoyant, but no longer wants to communicate with the dead; C\u00e9cile de France plays French television journalist Marie, who survives a near-death experience during the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami; and British schoolboy Marcus , who loses the person closest to him. Bryce Dallas Howard, Lyndsey Marshal, Jay Mohr, and Th", "war    entity is a 2010 American fantasy thriller film directed by Clint Eastwood.", "language    entity is the natural science that studies matter, its fundamental constituents, its motion and behavior through space and time, and the related entities of energy and force. entity is one of the most fundamental scientific disciplines, and its main goal is to understand how the universe behaves.", "language    entity is the mathematical science that attempts to understand, model, or even explain the physical phenomena of the world. It corresponds to the study of the outside world, the laws of its variation and its evolution. Systems modeling ignores chemical and biological processes. entity develops representations of the world that are verifiable, applicable and applied within a given domain of definition.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Kasabian and is the second official single from their third album, West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum. It was released on 10 August 2009.", "music    entity is the second single from British rock band Kasabian's third studio album, released on August 17, 2009. It reached number 30 on the UK Singles Chart.", "music    entity is a remix album by American R&B group Destiny's Child. Released in the United States on March 12, 2002 by Columbia Records, the album contains a blend of R&B and dance remixes from the band's previously released three albums Destiny's Child , The Writing's on the Wall and Survivor as well as solo material. The album's name is a self-explanatory message taken from the first track \"No, No, No Part 2\".", "music    entity is \u200b\u200ba remix album by American R'n'B band Destiny's Child. The album name is an explanatory message taken from the first track No, No, No Part 2 and is a collection of their remixes. The album consists of a mixture of R'n'B and dance remixes recorded between 1997 to 2002. The album was released on March 8, 2002 and reached number 29 on the US Billboard 200.", "music    entity is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey featuring American rapper Snoop Dogg. It was released on April 17, 2000 by Columbia Records as a double A-side with \"Can't Take That Away \". It was written by Carey and Snoop Dogg, and produced by the former and Damizza for Carey's seventh studio album, Rainbow .", "music    entity is a song by American artist Mariah Carey. It was released as a single on July 20, 2000 by Columbia Records as a double A-side with Can't Take That Away. It is written by Carey and Snoop Dogg then produced by the singer and Damizza for her seventh studio album, Rainbow.", "music    entity is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter David Bowie, released as the title track of his 1983 album Let's Dance. Written by Bowie and produced by Nile Rodgers of the band Chic, it was released as the lead single from the album in March 1983 and went on to become one of his biggest-selling tracks. It was recorded in late 1982 at the Power Station in Manhattan and was the first song recorded for the album. The end of the song features a guitar solo by then-rising blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan.", "music    entity is a song by David Bowie released as a single in March 1983, then on the album of the same name a month later. A song with commercial production and basic lyrics, entity is one of the biggest sales of the 1983, and Bowie's only single to reach number one on the charts in both the UK and the US.", "actor    entity is an American actress. Often described as \"the best actress of her generation\", Streep is particularly noted for her versatility and accent adaptability. She is the recipient of numerous accolades, including a record 21 Academy Award nominations, winning three , and a record 32 Golden Globe Award nominations, winning eight.", "actor    entity is an American actress, born June 22, 1949 in Summit. Considered by many to be the best actress of the modern era and more generally as one of the best actresses of all time for her ability to hide behind her characters, the extreme accuracy of her playing, the richness of her register and the emotional density of her compositions, she has been recognized many times by her peers.", "music    entity is the second studio album by English singer Sophie Ellis-Bextor, released on 27 October 2003 by Polydor Records. It was produced by Gregg Alexander, Matt Rowe, Jeremy Wheatley and Damian LeGassick.", "music    entity is the second studio album by British singer Sophie Ellis-Bextor. It was released on October 27, 2003 in the UK.", "music    entity was the first charting single by the rock band Genesis. It was drawn from their 1973 album Selling England by the Pound. The single was released in the UK in February 1974, and became a minor hit in April 1974, when it reached number 21 in the UK Singles Chart.", "music    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Genesis, which appeared on the 1973 album Selling England by the Pound. Written by band members, it was Genesis' first single to reach No. 21 place in the British charts in April 1974, seven months after its release as a single, August 3, 1973. Peter Gabriel was inspired by a painting of Betty Swanwick to write the lyrics.", "actor    entity is a Canadian-born chemist who received the 1992 Nobel Prize in Chemistry \"for his contributions to the theory of electron transfer reactions in chemical systems\". Marcus theory, named after him, provides a thermodynamic and kinetic framework for describing one electron outer-sphere electron transfer. He is a professor at Caltech, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore and a member of the International Academy of Quantum Molecular Science.", "actor    entity is a Canadian-born American chemist. He was awarded the 1992 Nobel Prize in Chemistry \u201cfor his contributions to the theory of electron transfer reactions in chemical systems\u201d.", "mountain    entity is a mountain of the Jura range, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Jura and Berne. Reaching a height of 1,302 metres above sea level, it is the highest summit in the canton of Jura. The summit of entity can be reached easily by several trails and a road culminating at 1,288 metres.", "mountain    entity is the highest point in the canton of Jura, Switzerland. It is located in the Jura massif, on the border between the cantons of Bern and Jura, 5 km northeast of Moutier. The name comes from Old French raim, meaning \u201cunbuilt land covered with brush or forest\u201d.", "army    entity is a military decoration of France. It recognises an individual bestowed a Mention in Dispatches earned for showing valour in presence of an enemy, in theatres of operations which are not subject to the award of the Croix de guerre des th\u00e9\u00e2tres d'op\u00e9rations ext\u00e9rieures . entity is usually awarded for security or peacekeeping operations, always outside the French territory.", "army    entity is a French military decoration. It rewards personnel and, since 2011, units holding a citation for feats of arms won in theaters of operations that are not subject to the award of the Croix de guerre.", "music    entity is the third single from My Chemical Romance's third studio album, The Black Parade. It was released on April 3, 2007.", "music    entity is a song by My Chemical Romance, taken from their album The Black Parade. This song may have been written by Gerard Way for Bert McCracken, lead singer of The Used.", "sportsman    entity is a Moroccan former professional footballer who played as a defender.", "sportsman    entity is a Moroccan footballer born March 24, 1985 in Fez. He plays as a defensive midfielder at Wydad de Casablanca. His training club is the Maghreb of Fez.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of \u017dagubica, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 453 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of \u017dagubica , district of Brani \u010devo . At the 2011 census, it had 355 inhabitants.", "music    entity is a song by English alternative rock band Blur. It was released on 20 January 1997 as the lead single from the band's eponymous fifth album, Blur . Written about Blur frontman Damon Albarn's experiences with heroin, the song features Beatles-influenced music and a mood that Albarn described as \"sleepy\" and \"sexy.\" Despite fears of the song's uncommercial nature, the single debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, becoming Blur's second track to reach the top of the charts. It has since appeared on several Blur compilations.", "music    entity is the seventeenth single from Blur, taken from their album of the same name.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American rock band the Offspring, released on February 4, 1997, by Columbia Records. After the massive commercial success of their previous album, Smash , the band entered the studio in the middle of 1996 to record a new album. The title combines Pig Latin and Spanish to convey the message \"fuck The Man\", as in \"fuck authority\".", "music    entity is the fourth album by punk rock band The Offspring. This album was released on February 4, 1997, three years after the huge success of Smash, the band's previous album. Commercially, the album was a disappointment with 5,000,000 copies sold, far from Smash's 16,000,000. This commercial setback does not prevent entity from being considered one of the group's best albums [ref.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Sidhe and co-published by Red Mile Entertainment, Sony Online Entertainment and Ubisoft for the PlayStation Portable handheld in 2005. The game was later released for download on PlayStation 3 via the PlayStation Store , and for the Xbox 360 via Xbox Live Arcade. entity is a cross between a puzzle-platform game like Super Monkey Ball and a driving game like Stunt Car Racer.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Sidhe Interactive and which has the particularity of offering a hybrid gameplay, which integrates elements of the racing game, the puzzle game and the platform game. The title was first released in 2005 for PlayStation Portable and a revamped version was released in 2007 for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 for download.", "war    entity is a 2010 documentary film directed by Spike Lee, as a follow-up to his 2006 HBO documentary film, When the Levees Broke: A Requiem in Four Acts. The film looks into the proceeding years since Hurricane Katrina struck the New Orleans and Gulf Coast region, and also focuses on the 2010 BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and its effect on the men and women who work along the shores of the gulf. Many of the participants in Levees were also featured in this documentary.", "war    entity is an American documentary film directed by Spike Lee, released in 2010. It is the sequel to When the Levees Broke: A Requiem in Four Acts and looks back on the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .", "music    entity is the first studio album by the American soul group, The Love Unlimited Orchestra, released in 1974. It was a huge success for the group, who backed and was led by Barry White for many singles such as \"I'm Gonna Love You Just a Little More Baby\". Also on the album is the 1973 \"Love's Theme\" single, their signature song, which reached #1 on the Billboard Hot 100.", "music    entity is an album by Barry White released in 1974.", "actor    entity was a German statesman and a member of the liberal Free Democratic Party , who served as Federal Minister of the Interior from 1969 to 1974, and as Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs and Vice Chancellor of Germany from 1974 to 1992 , making him the longest-serving occupant of either post and the only person to have held one of these positions under two different Chancellors of the Federal Republic of Germany. In 1991 he was chairman of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe .", "actor    entity is a German politician and member of the Liberal Democratic Party. He is several times Minister and Vice-Chancellor. He is also an honorary member of the Budapest Club.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Vaucluse department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region in southeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Vaucluse in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region.", "war    entity is the debut full-length album by Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom, released in 1997 in Finland, and in 1998 worldwide. Upon release, the album was met with universal acclaim by music critics. In 2020, it was named one of the 20 best metal albums of 1997 by Metal Hammer magazine.", "war    entity is the debut album by melodic death/power metal band Children of Bodom, released in 1997. The album features a darker, more experimental sound than later albums, which added to the infamous debate about the band's genre. . The album was a huge hit in the Finnish underground metal scene and the Finnish scene in general, ranking at the top of the charts in the country.", "singer    entity is an American musician best known for his tenures with Creed and Alter Bridge. He is a founding member of both bands, and has also collaborated with many other artists over the years. He formed his own band Tremonti in 2011 and has released five albums with them, including A Dying Machine, which was adapted by Tremonti and science fiction novelist John Shirley.", "singer    entity is an American Grammy Award-winning guitarist and songwriter. He is mainly known for being the lead-guitarist and vocalist of Creed and Alter Bridge. In 2012 he released his first solo album All I Was.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrz\u0119bia, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres west of Jastrz\u0119bia, 12 km north of Radom, and 81 km south of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Jastrz \u0119 bia in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "city    entity is an eastern, coastal province of the People's Republic of China. Its capital and largest city is Hangzhou. entity is bordered by Jiangsu and Shanghai to the north, Anhui to the northwest, Jiangxi to the west and Fujian to the south. To the east is the East China Sea, beyond which lies the Ryukyu Islands. The population of entity stands at 64.6 million, the 8th highest among China. Other notable cities include Ningbo and Wenzhou. It has been called 'the backbone of China' due to being a major driving force in the Chinese economy and being the birthplace of several notable persons, including the Chinese Nationalist leader Chiang Kai-shek and entrepreneur Jack Ma. entity consists of 90 counties (incl. county-", "city    entity is a coastal Chinese province south of Shanghai. entity is one of the richest Chinese provinces.", "singer    entity was an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. Smith was born in Omaha, Nebraska, raised primarily in Texas, and lived much of his life in Portland, Oregon, where he first gained popularity. Smith's primary instrument was the guitar, though he also played piano, clarinet, bass guitar, drums, and harmonica. Smith had a distinctive vocal style, characterized by his \"whispery, spiderweb-thin delivery\", and often used multi-tracking to create vocal layers, textures, and harmonies.", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter. After playing in the group Heatmiser for several years, he began a solo career in 1994.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by English rock band New Order. The album was released on 28 March 2005 in the United Kingdom and 25 April 2005 in the United States, and was preceded by the single \"Krafty\" in February. Two additional singles from the album were released: \"Jetstream\", which features vocals by Ana Matronic from Scissor Sisters, and the title track of the album. The album was released at a time when the band were experiencing unprecedented recognition in the media.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by British new wave and rock band New Order, released in 2005.", "city    entity is a village in the municipality of Leskovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 1060 people.", "city    entity is a village in Serbia located in the territory of the City of Leskovac, district of Jablanica.", "sportsman    entity is an Ivorian former professional footballer who played as a forward.", "sportsman    entity is an Ivorian international footballer.", "war    entity is a 1990 American romantic fantasy film written and directed by Woody Allen and starring Mia Farrow, Joe Mantegna, and William Hurt. The film is a loose reworking of Federico Fellini's 1965 film Juliet of the Spirits. entity received mildly positive reviews.", "war    entity is an American film, directed by Woody Allen, released on screens in 1990. As in most of the works of this filmmaker, the action takes place in Manhattan.", "actor    entity is an Israeli-American biochemist and biophysicist. He is a pioneer in computational studies on functional properties of biological molecules, Distinguished Professor of Chemistry and Biochemistry, and holds the Dana and David Dornsife Chair in Chemistry at the University of Southern California. He received the 2013 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, together with Michael Levitt and Martin Karplus for \"the development of multiscale models for complex chemical systems\".", "actor    entity is an Israeli-American chemist. He is co-winner of the 2013 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Michael Levitt and Martin Karplus.", "mountain    entity is a river in central and northern Mongolia. Sacred to the Mongols, the Tuul is generally called the Khatan Tuul in Mongolian. It is 704 kilometres or 437 miles long and drains an area of 49,840 square kilometres or 19,240 square miles. The Secret History of the Mongols frequently mentions a \"Black Forest of the Tuul River\" where the palace of Ong Khan was located.", "mountain    entity is a river considered sacred in Mongolia, it crosses the country over 704 km long.", "sportsman    entity is a Belgian-born German ice hockey coach and retired player. He appeared in a total of nine National Hockey League games for the Washington Capitals and participated in three Olympic Winter Games with the German national team.", "sportsman    entity is a German professional ice hockey player.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Kyalami on 2 January 1967. It was race 1 of 11 in both the 1967 World Championship of Drivers and the 1967 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The 80-lap race was won by Cooper driver Pedro Rodr\u00edguez after he started from fourth position. John Love finished second in a privately entered Cooper and Honda driver John Surtees came in third.", "competition    Results of the 1967 Formula 1 South African Grand Prix held at Kyalami Circuit on 2 January 1967.", "music    entity is the fifth full-length album by the Finnish folk metal band Finntroll, released on February 17, 2010 through Century Media. This album reached the highest chart result in Finland by reaching position #8. It also entered the German album charts on #31, as well as the charts in Switzerland and Austria .", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by folk metal band Finntroll. It was recorded at Sonic Pump Studios in Helsinki, Finland and mastered by Mika Jussila at Finnvox Studios. There is a limited version of the album including a CD case, a bonus track, a coaster and a fabric poster both with the image of the album.", "movie    entity is a 1965 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Nanni Loy.", "movie    entity is a 1965 Italian sketch film directed by Nanni Loy. To make this film, Nanni Loy employed an impressive number of famous actors. The film takes place in characteristic Italian locations: Rome, Amalfi, Ravello, Matera, Naples, Venice, Turin, Florence, plus Sicily and parts of rural Italy.", "singer    entity is a French disc jockey from Paris. A multi-instrumentalist, Caldera was influenced by many musical styles and made rock music before becoming involved in house music in 2002 whilst working as a stage designer in a number of Parisian nightclubs. To date, he has released one studio album and three official singles, two of which have reached the top 40 of the French singles chart. Aside from his solo career, Caldera has produced remixes for a number of musicians, such as Paulina Rubio, Enrique Iglesias and Janet Jackson's \"Call on Me\".", "singer    entity is a French DJ, producer, remixer. Known for his hits Sleeping Satellite, The Way, What You Get, Can't Fight This Feeling and the latest A Little Bit More. He is currently one of the resident DJs of Party Fun, a Fun radio show.", "video game    entity is a discontinued source control program oriented towards small software development projects. Like most source control systems, SourceSafe creates a virtual library of computer files. While most commonly used for source code, SourceSafe can handle any type of file in its database, but older versions were shown to be unstable when used to store large amounts of non-textual data, such as images and compiled executables.", "video game    entity is a version management system published by Microsoft which is intended for the development of software and websites under Windows. It is no longer developed and has been replaced by Team Foundation Server.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, populated by 65 inhabitants.", "city    entity is the second-largest city in Mississippi after the state capital, Jackson. Along with Biloxi, entity is the other county seat of Harrison County and the larger of the two principal cities of the entity-Biloxi, Mississippi Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the entity-Biloxi-Pascagoula, Mississippi Combined Statistical Area. As of the 2010 census, the city of entity had a total population of 67,793, with nearly 400,000 in the metro area as of 2018. It is also home to the US Navy Atlantic Fleet Seabees.", "city    entity is the second largest city in Mississippi after the state capital, Jackson. In 2010, there were 67,793 inhabitants. entity is located in Harrison County. entity is home to the Seabees, a US Navy military engineering unit.", "city    entity is one of the 19 municipalities of the Brussels-Capital Region, Belgium. It neighbours the municipalities of Auderghem, the City of Brussels, Ixelles, Schaerbeek, Woluwe-Saint-Lambert and Woluwe-Saint-Pierre. In common with all of Brussels' municipalities, it is legally bilingual . The main university campus of Vrije Universiteit Brussel is called Campus entity, although it is geographically not within entity but in the adjacent municipality of Ixelles.", "city    entity is one of the 19 municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region in Belgium. It borders the municipalities of Brussels-city, Ixelles, Auderghem, Woluwe-Saint-Pierre, Woluwe-Saint-Lambert and Schaerbeek.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, musician and record producer. During the 1970s, he recorded with the funk band the Commodores, and his solo career made him one of the most successful balladeers of the 1980s. From 1986 to 1996, Richie took a break from recording; he has since then released seven studio albums, though none with the success of his 1980s material. Since 2018, he has served as a judge on the singing competition American Idol.", "singer    entity is an American soul singer and musician, author of several hits during the 1980s. He has sold more than 100 million records.", "stadium    entity is an arena in the Bornheim district of Frankfurt, Germany. It is used for ice hockey and is the home arena of L\u00f6wen Frankfurt. It is also used as Ice Skating Rink. It has opened on December 19, 1981 and holds 6,946 people.", "stadium    entity is an ice rink in Bornheim, a suburb of Frankfurt am Main, Germany. It is mainly used for ice hockey where the Frankfurt Lions play at home.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman and kickboxer. Holmberg has played for HIFK and HPK in Liiga, the top professional ice hockey league in Finland. He was also the captain of HIFK U20 in the Jr. A SM-liiga.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "airport    entity is a former commune in the Loz\u00e8re department in southern France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Prinsu\u00e9jols-entity.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Loz\u00e8re in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called entityais.", "music    entity is the eleventh studio album by Irish rock band U2. It was released on 22 November 2004 in the United Kingdom by Island Records and a day later in the United States by Interscope Records. Much like their previous album All That You Can't Leave Behind , the record exhibits a more mainstream rock sound after the band experimented with alternative rock and dance music in the 1990s. It was produced by Steve Lillywhite, with additional production from Chris Thomas, Jacknife Lee, Nellee Hooper, Flood, Daniel Lanois, Brian Eno, and Carl Glanville.", "music    entity is the eleventh studio album by Irish rock band U2 released in 2004. Mainly produced by Steve Lillywhite, the disc was recorded in Dublin at Hanover Quay Studios and in France at \u00e8ze in the Alpes-Maritimes. Like its predecessor All That You Can't Leave Behind, it is made up above all of rock songs and ballads, much less experimental than the compositions of the 1990s.", "war    entity is a Japanese role-playing video game developed by Heartbeat and ArtePiazza, and published by Enix for the PlayStation in 2000. It was released in North America in 2001 under the title Dragon Warrior VII. The game received a remake on the Nintendo 3DS on February 7, 2013 in Japan, which was released in North America and Europe for the Nintendo 3DS under the title entity in 2016. A version of the game for Android and iOS was also released in Japan on September 17, 2015.", "war    entity is a role-playing video game developed by Heartbeat and ArtePiazza for Japanese publisher Enix. It was released on PlayStation in August 2000 in Japan and then in November 2001 in North America. A remake was released on February 7, 2013 in Japan for Nintendo 3DS.", "video game    entity is a platform game created by Graftgold for the Amiga and the Atari ST, released in 1992 by Renegade. Master System and Game Gear versions were developed by Graftgold for Virgin Games. The CD32 version was enhanced to include detailed background scenery, 256 on-screen colors and several layers of parallax scrolling.", "video game    entity is a 2D platform video game developed by Graftgold and published by Renegade, released in 1992 for the 16-bit Amiga and Atari ST personal computers. Designed and produced by Andrew Braybrook and Phillip Williams, the game was a critical success, praised for its playability and colorful execution.", "music    entity is the fourth album by American hip hop group the Jungle Brothers. It was released on June 3, 1997 via Gee Street Records. Set to be distributed through Island/PolyGram, with which Gee Street had a distribution deal , this became the first Gee Street title to be distributed by V2/BMG after the label's purchase by Richard Branson.", "music    entity is the Jungle Brothers' fourth studio album, released on June 3, 1997.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by the English rock band the Beatles and the soundtrack to their film of the same name. It was released on 6 August 1965. Seven of the fourteen songs, including the singles \"entity\" and \"Ticket to Ride\", appeared in the film and took up the first side of the vinyl album. The second side included \"Yesterday\", the most-covered song ever written. The album was met with favourable critical reviews and topped the Australian, German, UK and US charts.", "music    entity is the fifth Beatles album, released on August 6, 1965 in the United Kingdom, and a week later in the United States. It is being prepared as part of a second movie starring them, also named entity. The Fab Four recorded it during several sessions divided between concerts and filming, between February and June 1965.", "army    entity was instituted by Adolf Hitler on 28 September 1941. It was awarded in two divisions: in gold for repeated acts of bravery or military leadership; and in silver for distinguished non-combat war service. The German Cross in Gold ranked higher than the Iron Cross First Class but below the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, while the German Cross in Silver ranked higher than the War Merit Cross First Class with Swords but below the Knight's Cross of the War Merit Cross with Swords.", "army    entity is a German military decoration of the Third Reich. It was created on September 28, 1941. In 1944 an additional class was created, the German cross in gold with brilliants, of which a few copies were made, but which was never awarded.", "music    entity is a sequel album to Hip hop producer Hi-Tek's first album, Hi-Teknology. Born as Tony Cottrell, He had spent most of his time in the low key hip-hop scene of Cincinnati, Ohio who eventually ran into Mood in 1992. Working with them kickstarted his career and affiliated himself with many MCs. He is best known for his collaboration with Talib Kweli on the album Reflection Eternal. He rose in popularity with the underground hip-hop scene and has worked alongside many talented even Grammy-nominated artists such as 50 Cent and Busta Rhymes. Although working with many talented artists and having a huge impact working with Rawkus Records Collective, it was time for him to show off his own unique abilities which led to his three solo albums. The release of his sequel album", "music    entity is Hi-Tek's second studio album, released on October 17, 2006. There are two versions of this album: the first was recorded when Hi-Tek was still under contract with MCA but was not has never been released; the second was released on the Babygrande Records label.", "video game    entity is a British video game development company and a studio of Rockstar Games based in Edinburgh. The company was founded as DMA Design in Dundee in 1987 by David Jones, soon hiring former classmates Mike Dailly, Russell Kay, and Steve Hammond. During its early years, DMA Design was backed by its publisher Psygnosis, primarily focusing on Amiga, Atari ST and Commodore 64 games. During this time, they created successful shooters such as Menace, and Blood Money, but soon turned to platform games after the release of Lemmings in 1991, which was an international success and led to several sequels and spin-offs. After developing Unirally for Nintendo, DMA Design was set to become one of their main second-party developers, but this partnership en", "video game    entity is an Edinburgh-based Scottish video game development studio owned by Rockstar Games since 1999.", "singer    entity is an American musician. With a long career as a session musician mainly on bass guitar, she is perhaps best known for her lengthy residency in David Bowie's band, from 1995 to Bowie's death in 2016. Aside from playing bass, she sang lead vocals on live versions of \"Under Pressure\" and dueted with Bowie on other songs, including \"The London Boys\", \"Aladdin Sane \", \"I Dig Everything\", accompanying Bowie on clarinet, and a cover of Laurie Anderson's \"O Superman\".", "singer    entity is an American rock artist, confirmed studio musician, it is in particular her presence as bassist in David Bowie's group that revealed her to the general public.", "actor    entity is a recurring character who exclusively appeared in the Gossip Girl television adaptation. Created by series producer Joshua Safran, Lola Rhodes is portrayed by actress Ella Rae Peck. The character of Charlotte \"Charlie\" Rhodes was initially introduced in the second half of season four, though this was later revealed to be Ivy Dickens, a struggling actress paid to impersonate her so that her mother, Carol Rhodes, could gain access to Lola's trust fund. Ella Rae Peck later appeared during the second half of the fifth season to portray the role. Lola is the cousin and biological half sister, technically three-quarter sister, of Serena van der Woodsen as a result of William van der Woodsen's affair with Lily Humphrey's sister, Carol Rh", "actor    entity is a fictional character from the television series Gossip Girl, portrayed onscreen by Ella Rae Peck.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department, in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "army    entity was an infantry formation of the United States Army that was active during World War I, World War II, and the Cold War.", "army    entity was an infantry division of the United States Army during World War I and World War II.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by English post-punk band Killing Joke, released in July 1983 by E.G. via Polydor Records. It was the band's first album to feature new bass player Paul Raven, recorded at Basing Street Studios in London between February and March 1983. According to Paul Ferguson the band's drug use contributed to the original mix of the album being \"tinny\".", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by post-punk band Killing Joke, released in 1983. It gives pride of place to hypnotic and repetitive rhythms, thus sticking to the central theme of pagan celebration and communion. The opening track, The Gathering, gave Killing Joke fans their name, the \"gatherers\" - literally, \"those who gather\". This is the band's second album to tackle an occult theme, after Revelations released the previous year.", "music    entity is a song recorded by Icelandic singer Bj\u00f6rk for her fourth studio album Vespertine. It was written and produced by Bj\u00f6rk. entity was released as the lead single from Vespertine on 6 August 2001 by One Little Indian Records.", "music    entity is a song by Icelandic artist Bj\u00f6rk, it's the first single from her fourth album Vespertine. It was written by Bj\u00f6rk, Guy Sigsworth and Mark Bell.", "war    entity is an American science fiction/crime drama that aired from November 17, 2013, through March 3, 2014, on Fox. The series was created by J. H. Wyman for Frequency Films, Bad Robot Productions and Warner Bros. Television. Wyman, Bryan Burk and J. J. Abrams are executive producers. After one season, Fox canceled the series on April 29, 2014.", "war    entity is an American television series in thirteen 42-minute episodes, created by JH Wyman and produced by JJ Abrams. The series aired between November 17, 2013 and March 3, 2014 on the Fox network and simulcast in Canada on the Global network. In Belgium, the series aired from July 27, 2014 to August 31, 2014 on La Deux; in Quebec, since November 24, 2014 on Zt\u00e9l\u00e9 and in France, from January 13, 2015 on TF1.", "actor    entity was a British actor whose career spanned almost seven decades. After his American film debut as Dr. Jack Griffin in The Invisible Man , he appeared in such highly regarded films as The Adventures of Robin Hood , Mr. Smith Goes to Washington , The Wolf Man , Casablanca and Kings Row , Notorious , Lawrence of Arabia , and The Greatest Story Ever Told .", "actor    entity is a British actor, born November 10, 1889 in Camberwell, London, and died May 30, 1967 in Laconia, New Hampshire. He is buried in Red Hill Cemetery in Moultonborough, New Hampshire.", "video game    entity is a video game publisher and video game developer. It represents a group of companies that operates internationally and has its headquarters in Karlsruhe, Germany. It distributes roughly 20 games, translated into over 50 languages with about 400 million registered users. Their portfolio contains client-based massively multiplayer online games such as TERA, Metin2, Runes of Magic, Wizard101 as well as browser-based online games such as OGame, Gladiatus, BiteFight or Ikariam. They also operate mobile games. entity employs a staff of over 300 and was founded by its Chief Executive Officer Alexander R\u00f6sner and former CEO Klaas Kersting in 2003.", "video game    entity is a German video game company, specializing in browser games and massively multiplayer online games.", "music    entity is a song by the American rock band Soundgarden. Written by frontman Chris Cornell, entity was released on November 18, 1996, as the third single from the band's fifth studio album, Down on the Upside . The song topped the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, where it spent a total of four weeks at number one. The song was included on Soundgarden's 1997 greatest hits album, A-Sides.", "music    entity is a song by rock band Soundgarden. It is the sixth track from the final album Down On The Upside, released in 1996. The band released entity as a single in the fall of the same year. The disc contains an unreleased titled A Splice of Space Jam. The song became a hit and topped the US Mainstream Rock charts for four weeks.", "music    entity is a song written and performed by Bob Dylan and featured on his Bringing It All Back Home album, released on March 22, 1965, by Columbia Records . The song was recorded on January 15, 1965, with Dylan's acoustic guitar and harmonica and William E. Lee's bass guitar the only instrumentation. The lyrics were heavily influenced by Symbolist poetry and bid farewell to the titular \"Baby Blue\". There has been much speculation about the real life identity of \"Baby Blue\", with possibilities including Joan Baez, David Blue, Paul Clayton, Dylan's folk music audience, and even Dylan himself.", "music    entity is a song by Bob Dylan released in 1965 on the album Bringing It All Back Home.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina \u8241osice, within \u8241osice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of \u0141 Osice in \u0141 Osice County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. The village has a population of 277 in 2006.", "music    entity is a 1967 song first recorded by French singer Juliette Gr\u00e9co, by Patti Layne in 1987, then by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer in a studio version in 1988 and in a live version during her 2006 concerts at Bercy . This live version was the second single from Farmer's fourth live album, Avant que l'ombre... \u00e0 Bercy, and was released on 5 March 2007. Although it was a top ten hit in France, it achieved moderate success in terms of sales and chart performances.", "music    entity is the forty-fifth single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer released on March 5, 2007. It is the second single from her fourth live album Avant que l'ombre... \u00e0 Bercy.", "war    entity is a 1983 Hong Kong martial arts action-comedy film starring and directed by Jackie Chan, written by Chan and Edward Tang, and produced by Tang, Leonard Ho and Raymond Chow. The film co-stars Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao, and was released on December 22, 1983.", "war    entity is a Hong Kong film directed by Jackie Chan, released in 1983.", "company    entity is the largest airline in Japan by revenues and passenger numbers. Its headquarters are located in Shiodome City Center in the Shiodome area of Minato ward of Tokyo. It operates services to both domestic and international destinations and had more than 20,000 employees as of March 2016. In May 2010, ANA's total passenger traffic was up year-on-year by 7.8%, and its international services grew by 22% to 2.07 million passengers in the first five months of 2010.", "company    entity is an airline company that was founded in 1952 as the Japan Helicopter and Airplane Transport Corporation.", "city    entity is the second largest city in Fiji. It is on the west coast of the island of Viti Levu, in the Ba Province of the Western Division. Lying in the heart of Fiji's sugar cane-growing region, the city has come to be known as the Sugar City. Covering an area of 32 square kilometres, it had a population of 71,573 at the 2017 census, the most recent to date.", "city    entity is Fiji's second largest city, located on the west coast of Viti Levu in Ba Province, 24 km north of Nadi. It has a population of 52,220 inhabitants. It is the center of sugar production and is often referred to as Sugar City.Fiji Islands Portal Fiji Islands Portal", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend, released in 2003. The album, written and produced by Townsend, was a mix of musical styles from alternative rock to hard rock to progressive metal. Townsend, the lead vocalist and guitarist, assembled a group of Vancouver musicians to perform with him on the album: guitarist Brian Waddell, drummer Ryan Van Poederooyen, bassist Mike Young, and keyboardist Dave Young. This lineup, the Devin Townsend Band, was Townsend's first dedicated lineup for his solo material, and was created as a counterpart to Townsend's extreme metal project Strapping Young Lad.", "music    entity is an album by the Devin Townsend Band, released in 2003. It is the sixth album by Canadian musician Devin Townsend, and the first as the Devin Townsend Band.", "music    entity is a 1999 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was the lead single from her fifth studio album Innamoramento and was released on 9 March 1999. The lyrics were written by Farmer and the music was composed by Laurent Boutonnat. Musically, the song has techno and dance influences which marked an artistic change in the singer's career, although the rest of the album contains more pop songs. Based on a famous children's counting rhyme, the song is primarily about confidence, secret, and confession and uses the lexical field of psychoanalysis; however, the many puns and double entendres can also provide another meaning explicitly referring to sexuality.", "music    entity is the second title of the studio album Innamoramento by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. The track was released as a single and is in the setlist during the Mylenium Tour.", "actor    entity is not to be confused with the Japanese actor Kaoru Abe.", "actor    entity was a Japanese free jazz alto saxophonist, who usually played alone. He died of an overdose, and became the object of a cult within the underground Japanese jazz scene. He was married to the author Izumi Suzuki, and Koji Wakamatsu devoted to him, with the film Endless Waltz, a biography.", "sports team    entity is a French association football club based in Lorient, Brittany. The club was founded in 1926 and currently competes in Ligue 1, the top flight of French football, following promotion from Ligue 2 in the 2019\u201320 season. Lorient plays its home matches at the Stade Yves Allainmat, named after the former mayor of Lorient. The stadium is surnamed Stade du Moustoir because of its location within the city. The team is managed by Christophe P\u00e9lissier.", "sports team    entity is a French football club, founded in 1926 in Lorient. Long amateur, the club tries the professional adventure in the 1970s, without managing to go up in the first division, until a bankruptcy filing put an end to the ambitions of the club. In 1991, while playing in the third division, the club once again called on Christian Gourcuff.", "music    entity is a song by Algerian ra\u00ef singer Khaled. It was produced by Moroccan-Swedish producer RedOne and released on Universal Music Division AZ becoming a summer hit for Khaled in France in 2012.", "music    entity is a song by the Algerian ra\u00ef artist Khaled and produced by the Moroccan RedOne, released on July 2, 2012 under the major UMG. The song is a bilingual song. During the summer period, the song ranks in the top 20 of the French charts in July 2012. After 3 years of absence, entity marks Khaled's return to the French scene. , his last single dated back to Not Even Tired with the Ivorian group Magic System.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Paul Ricard on 2 July 1978. It was the ninth race of the 1978 World Championship of F1 Drivers and the 1978 International Cup for F1 Constructors. The 54-lap race was won by Mario Andretti, driving a Lotus-Ford, with teammate Ronnie Peterson second and James Hunt third in a McLaren-Ford.", "competition    Results of the 1978 Formula 1 French Grand Prix held at the Paul Ricard circuit on July 2.", "movie    entity are award-winning American film makers. Their films span many genres and styles, which they frequently subvert or parody. Their most acclaimed works include Raising Arizona , Miller's Crossing , Fargo , The Big Lebowski , O Brother, Where Art Thou? , No Country for Old Men , Burn After Reading , A Serious Man , True Grit , Inside Llewyn Davis , and The Ballad of Buster Scruggs .", "movie    entity is most often credited as the sole director of their films, his brother also remains very involved, on the sidelines of his activity as a producer. Their collaboration is also so close and complementary that they are sometimes called \"the two-headed director.\" \u00bb", "war    entity is an American action/adventure sitcom television series that ran on NBC from September 18, 1979, to May 5, 1981. For its second season the show was renamed Lobo. The program aired Tuesday nights, at 8 p.m. Eastern time. The lead character, Sheriff Elroy P. Lobo, played by Claude Akins, was a spin-off character from B. J. and the Bear, which also aired on NBC from 1979-1981.", "war    entity is an American television series in 37 45-minute episodes, created by Glen A. Larson and broadcast between September 18, 1979 and May 5, 1981 on the NBC network. During its second season, the series was renamed Lobo. She is the spin-off of the BJ and the Bear series.", "music    entity is the US follow-up single to Prince's first big hit, \"I Wanna Be Your Lover\". It is also Prince's first rock and roll-inspired single release. It did not make the top 40 of the Billboard Hot 100 charts, although it did reach #13 on the R&B Singles charts. The lyrics explore a relationship with a cruel lover. The song prominently features guitar and bass, with the keyboard featured in a less prominent role. A highlight of the song is a soaring guitar solo at the end, played by Prince himself.", "music    entity is a song by Prince and second single from the album Prince. The song also served as the B-side for the single I Wanna Be Your Lover released in 1979.", "sportsman    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey player who played for the SC Bern in Switzerland's National League A .", "sportsman    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "singer    entity was a German music theorist and composer. He was active ca. 1520 in Leipzig. He was the cantor of the Thomanerchor from 1520 to 1525.", "singer    entity is a German composer and theoretician. Little is known about his life, he was enrolled in 1505 under the name of Hennel at the University of Leipzig where he probably remained active after that date. Around 1520 he turned to the thought of Martin Luther and kept in touch with the circle of the music theorist and printer, Georg Rhau.", "war    entity is a 1997 Spanish erotic romantic drama thriller film, written and directed by Pedro Almod\u00f3var, starring Javier Bardem and Francesca Neri. The film is loosely based on the eponymous 1986 book by British crime writer Ruth Rendell.", "war    entity is a Franco-Spanish film by Pedro Almod\u00f3var released in 1997, starring Javier Bardem.", "music    entity is the second solo studio album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Ol' Dirty Bastard. It was released on September 14, 1999 via Elektra Records. Recording sessions took place at Quad Recording Studios, at Chung King Studios and at 36 Chambers Studio in New York City, and at American Studios in Los Angeles. Production was handled by RZA, The Neptunes, Irv Gotti, Buddha Monk, Dat Nigga Reb, DL, Flavahood Productions, Mr. Fingers and True Master. It features guest appearances from 12 O'Clock, Kelis, La the Darkman, Lil' Mo, Pharrell Williams, Raison the Zukeeper, Shorty Shit Stain, and comedian Chris Rock.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Ol' Dirty Bastard, released on September 14, 1999. Propelled by the success of the single Got Your Money, in duet with the young Kelis, the album was ranked 2nd on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 10th on the Billboard 200.", "actor    entity is a Dutch politician and diplomat of the Christian Democratic Appeal party and jurist who served as Secretary General of NATO from 1 August 2004 until 1 August 2009.", "actor    entity is a Dutch politician, member of the Christian Democrat Appeal, former Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands and Secretary General of NATO.", "music    entity is Mika Nakashima's 5th single. The single was released on August 7, 2002, and sold 144,771 copies, reaching #3 on Oricon. 'Will,' an easy listening ballad, was the theme song for the Japanese drama 'Tentai Kansoku' in 2002.", "music    entity is Mika Nakashima's fifth single, released by Sony Music Associated Records on August 7, 2002 in Japan. It reached 3rd place in the Oricon ranking for a total of 144,771 copies sold.", "country    entity is a country located on the south coast of West Africa. C\u00f4te d'Ivoire's political capital is Yamoussoukro in the centre of the country, while its economic capital and largest city is the port city of Abidjan. It borders Guinea to the northwest, Liberia to the west, Mali to the northwest, Burkina Faso to the northeast, Ghana to the east, and the Gulf of Guinea to the south. The official language of the republic is French, with local indigenous languages also being widely used that include B\u00e9t\u00e9, Baoul\u00e9, Dioula, Dan, Anyin, and Cebaara Senufo. In total, there are around 78 different languages spoken in Ivory Coast. The country has large populations of the adherents of Christianity, Islam and v", "country    entity is a state located in Africa, in the western part of the Gulf of Guinea. It has substantially the shape of a square of about 600 kilometers on each side. Covering an area of \u200b\u200b322,462 km, it is bordered to the northwest by Mali, to the northeast by Burkina Faso, to the east by Ghana, to the southwest by Liberia, to the west northwest by Guinea and to the south by the Atlantic Ocean.", "music    entity is the third single from Shinedown's second album, Us and Them. It reached number 4 on the U.S. Mainstream Rock chart and number 28 on the U.S. Modern Rock chart.", "music    entity is Shinedown's seventh single released in 2005.", "singer    entity was an Armenian poet, sculptor and painter.", "singer    entity was an Armenian poet, painter and sculptor.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedlnia-Letnisko, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres east of Jedlnia-Letnisko, 19 km east of Radom, and 94 km south of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Jedlnia-Letnisko in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bo\u0107ki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres east of Bo\u0107ki, 14 km south of Bielsk Podlaski, and 52 km south of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok. \n* \n* Chapel \n*", "airport    entity is a village in Poland, located in Bo \u0107 ki Gmina, Bielsk Podlaski County, Podlaskie Voivodeship.", "actor    entity was a Welsh competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain at the 1932 Summer Olympics. She was born in Cardiff and died in Newport.", "actor    entity was a British swimmer.", "singer    entity is regarded as the pioneer of Afrobeat, an African music genre that combines traditional Yoruba percussion and vocal styles with American funk and jazz. At the height of his popularity, he was referred to as one of Africa's most \"challenging and charismatic music performers\". AllMusic described him as a \"musical and sociopolitical voice\" of international significance.", "singer    entity is considered a the inventor of Afrobeat, a fusion of African-American elements of funk, jazz, West African music, traditional Nigerian music and Yoruba rhythms.", "sportsman    entity is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays as a right back.", "sportsman    entity is a Saudi international footballer, playing as a defender.", "movie    entity is a Belgian actor. Gourmet was born in Namur. He won the Best Actor award at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival for his role in Le Fils by Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne. He also appeared in La Promesse, Rosetta and L'Enfant.", "movie    entity is a Belgian actor born on July 22, 1963 in Namur. In cinema, he was revealed in 1996 by La Promise by Jean-Pierre and Luc Dardenne. The two Belgian filmmakers became his favorite directors, and offered him the role of a waffle maker and seller in Rosetta in 1999 and that of a carpentry teacher mysteriously attracted to one of his students in Le Fils in 2002, which earned him Best Actor Award at the Cannes Film Festival.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Ain in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American band Scissor Sisters. It was released on June 28, 2010, and was preceded by the release of the lead single \"Fire with Fire\" on June 20.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American band Scissor Sisters, released by Universal Records in the United States or Polydor Records in the United Kingdom. The single Fire with Fire preceded the album's release on June 28, 2010.", "sportsman    entity is a retired Kazakhstani-Russian professional ice hockey goaltender. Tarasov was drafted 196th overall by the Montreal Canadiens in the 1999 NHL Entry Draft and after two seasons with Metallurg Novokuznetsk he signed a contract in 2001 and was assigned to their AHL affiliate the Quebec Citadelles, but played in only 14 regular season games and returned to Russia the next season, re-joining Metallurg Novokuznetsk. He remained with the team until 2006 where he signed for Salavat Yulaev Ufa.", "sportsman    entity is a Kazakh-Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a goalkeeper.", "music    entity is rapper Xzibit's third studio album. It was released December 12, 2000. It debuted at #14 on the Billboard 200 with approximately 205,000 copies sold in its 1st week released. The album then fell 17 spots to #31 in the 2nd week, but then rose back up 19 spots to peak at #12 the following week. Also since being released the album was certified Platinum by the RIAA with an excess of a million copies sold in America making it Xzibit's most successful album of his career.", "music    entity is Xzibit's third studio album, released on December 12, 2000.", "company    entity was an Australian financial services company founded in 1975 as Takeovers, Equities & Management Securities . It was renamed entity and came to prominence in 1986, collapsing five years later in 1991. Its main shareholder and Managing Director was Christopher Skase. At its peak, Qintex owned interests in Channel 7, Mirage Resorts, Hardy Brothers jewellery retail concern and a number of other businesses. Its headquarters was in Brisbane, Australia.", "company    entity is an Australian conglomerate, founded by Christopher Skase in 1975 and dissolved in 1995.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, songwriter, and record producer.", "singer    entity is an American rapper and music producer.", "war    entity is a 1975 Technicolor adventure film adapted from the 1888 Rudyard Kipling novella of the same name. It was adapted and directed by John Huston and starred Sean Connery, Michael Caine, Saeed Jaffrey, and Christopher Plummer as Kipling . The film follows two rogue ex-soldiers, former non-commissioned officers in the British Army, who set off from late 19th-century British India in search of adventure and end up in faraway Kafiristan, where one is taken for a god and made their king.", "war    entity is a British-American film directed by John Huston, released in 1975. The film is an adaptation of a short story by Rudyard Kipling with the same title, published in 1888.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg. It was released on December 19, 2000. It was his third and final studio album released on No Limit, his first album on his newly founded label Doggy Style in the United States, and as referenced in the album title, his last record partially owned by his former label Death Row Records. The album was produced by Dr. Dre, Timbaland and Soopafly, among others. The album included the singles \"Snoop Dogg \", \"Lay Low\", \"Loosen' Control\" and \"Wrong Idea\".", "music    entity is Snoop Dogg's 5th album, released on December 19, 2000. It was Snoop Dogg's final album on Master P's No Limit Records label. The album sold nearly 397,000 copies during the first week and over 1 million so far according to Soundscan.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of Aarau of the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.", "city    entity is a municipality in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland, located in the district of Aarau.", "actor    entity was an American inorganic chemist. He received his Ph.D. at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in 1943, under Prof. John C. Bailar, Jr.. Basolo spent his professional career at Northwestern University. He was a prolific contributor to the fields of coordination chemistry, organometallic, and bioinorganic chemistry, publishing over 400 papers. He supervised many Ph.D. students. With colleague Ralph Pearson, he co-authored the influential monograph \"Mechanisms of Inorganic Reactions\", which illuminated the importance of mechanisms involving coordination compounds. This work, which integrated concepts from ligand field theory and physical organic chemistry, signaled a shift from a highly descriptive nature of coordination chemistry", "actor    entity is an American researcher specializing in inorganic chemistry.", "music    entity is the debut single by French singer Aliz\u00e9e, released in July 2000 from her debut studio album, Gourmandises . The single topped the charts in Italy and Spain, while reaching the top five in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany and the Netherlands.", "music    entity is a song by Aliz\u00e9e, written by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer and composed by Laurent Boutonnat, released in 2000. In two television appearances, the song ends up in the Top 50 and allows Aliz\u00e9e to become known to the general public. . In the end, 1,282,000 copies of the title were sold, becoming the 31st best-selling single of all time in France.", "sports team    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Bryn\u00e4s IF of the Swedish Hockey League . He was originally drafted by the Los Angeles Kings in the fourth round of the 2006 NHL Entry Draft, 114th overall.", "sports team    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "singer    entity is remembered as one of Denmark's most important 20th-century artists both for his portraits and landscapes.", "singer    entity is a Danish painter. Known for his portraits and landscapes, he is considered one of the most important Danish painters of the early 20th century and one of the precursors of expressionism.", "music    entity is the third studio album by Canadian electronic music producer Deadmau5, released by Ultra Records and Mau5trap on September 2, 2008. It is deadmau5's breakthrough album as well as his first to utilize titles using the now-familiar Arial Black font. The album includes the singles \"Faxing Berlin\", \"Not Exactly\" and \"I Remember\" . Following the success of \"I Remember\" in the UK, entity later entered the UK Albums Chart at number 31 in May 2009.", "music    entity is an album of electronic music, more particularly of Progressive House, produced by Deadmau5 on the Ultra Records and Ministry of Sound labels in 2008. The album includes achievements released as singles such as Faxing Berlin or Not Exactly or the co-production with Kaskade I Remember. It was first released in Ireland on October 3, 2008 and in the UK on October 6, 2008.", "city    entity is the second-largest city in the U.S. state of New York and the seat of Erie County. It is at the eastern end of Lake Erie, at the head of the Niagara River, and is next to the Canadian border in southern Ontario. With a population of 278,349 according to the 2020 census, entity is the 76th-largest city in the United States. The city and nearby Niagara Falls together make up the two-county entity\u2013Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area , which had an estimated population of 1.1 million in 2020, making it the 49th largest MSA in the United States. entity is in Western New York, which is the largest population and economic center between Boston, Cleveland, and Pittsburgh.", "city    entity is a city in the United States located in western New York State on Lake Erie near Niagara Falls. Its population is 261,025. It is the second most populous city in the state, after New York City and the seat of the Township of Erie.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in the Brittany region.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, released by Nothing Records and Interscope Records on May 3, 2005. The album was produced by Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor and long-time collaborator Alan Moulder. It also features contributions from musician Dave Grohl and future band member Atticus Ross.", "music    entity is the fifth album by American Industrial Rock band Nine Inch Nails, released on May 2, 2005. Victims of the band's fame, the songs were available long before on the Internet. It is in the spirit of Trent Reznor's battle to recover from his addiction to alcohol and certain other addictive substances. The packaging does not contain any booklet, which is available in PDF format on the official website.", "actor    entity is a French actress, model, and psychological counsellor.", "actor    entity is a French actress and psychologist, whose real name is France Nguyen Van Nga, born July 31, 1939 in Marseille.", "music    entity is the debut single of Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne. It was released on 11 March 2002 as the lead single from her 2002 debut album, Let Go. The track was written by Lavigne and the Matrix and produced by the Matrix.", "music    entity is the debut single by Canadian singer Avril Lavigne, released in 2002 from her debut album Let Go. Australians, Spaniards and Mexicans. This single is therefore Avril Lavigne's second best hit, and is considered one of the biggest hits of 2002.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Weisskamm group of the \u00d6tztal Alps. \n* v \n* t \n* e", "mountain    entity is a summit of the Alps, at 3,497 m above sea level, in the \u00d6tztal massif, in Austria. Portal of the mountain Portal of the mountain Portal of the Alps Portal of the Alps Portal of Austria Portal of the Austria", "sportsman    entity is a Ghanaian former professional footballer who played as a defender.", "sportsman    entity is a Ghanaian international football player, who played as a defender before becoming a coach.", "video game    entity is a discontinued free multimedia management application that runs on Microsoft Windows. Media Go manages content on Sony family products including Sony Mobile phones, the PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, Walkman, and Sony Tablet. Similar to iTunes, Media Go can organize, play, and transfer a wide variety of content including videos, photos, music, and podcasts. Media Go also had a storefront that allowed users to purchase movies and TV shows, PSP or PS Vita games, and PSP or PS Vita Comics. Media Go is a replacement for the Sony Creative Software \"Media Manager\" applications, used by the PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, Sony Xperia and Walkman products in the past.", "video game    entity is a media player developed by Sony Creative Software for Windows operating systems.", "singer    entity was an Irish musician, singer and songwriter. She was best known as the lead vocalist and lyricist for the alternative rock band the Cranberries. O'Riordan had one of the most recognisable voices in rock in the 1990s. She was known for her lilting mezzo-soprano voice, signature yodel, emphasised use of keening, and strong Limerick accent.", "singer    entity is an Irish rock artist, best known as the lead singer of The Cranberries.", "movie    entity is a Canadian record producer and music engineer. He is the son of music producer Jack Richardson , a pioneer of the music recording industry in the 1960s and 1970s. Garth Richardson has done music engineering work for the likes of Red Hot Chili Peppers, Nickelback, and M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce, and produced for Kittie, Biffy Clyro, Rage Against the Machine, Mudvayne, Melvins, Shihad, Kensington, and many others. He cofounded the Nimbus School of Recording Arts in Vancouver, British Columbia together with Bob Ezrin and Kevin Williams. The school was named after Richardson's father's production company, Nimbus 9, and offers courses in production, recording, and audio. Richardson has the nickname 'GGGarth' due to his mild stutter.", "movie    entity is a Canadian producer and sound engineer born in 1960. He is the son of Jack Richardson, a recording pioneer in the music industry in the 1960s and 1970s. Garth Richardson has worked alongside bands such as Red Hot Chili Peppers, Nickelback, M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce, Rage Against the Machine or Foo Fighters.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Toto from their 1978 eponymous debut studio album. Written by the band's keyboardist David Paich, the lead vocals on the song were performed by Bobby Kimball. entity was released as the band's debut single and lead single from the Toto album on October 2, 1978, by Columbia Records. It became a huge hit for the band, reaching number five on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 14 on the UK Singles Chart.", "music    entity is one of the rock band Toto's signature tracks. This hit, composed in 1977 by David Paich, was recorded on the group's self-titled debut album, Toto, released in 1978. In addition, this track rose to number five on the American charts, which gave the group a certain notoriety from the start. The song Mon son by French rapper Booba features a sample of this track.", "singer    entity is an American award-winning songwriter, musician and record producer. Warren's career was jump-started in 1985 with \"Rhythm of the Night\" by DeBarge. In the late 1980s, she joined forces with the UK music company EMI, where she became the first songwriter in the history of Billboard magazine to have seven hits, all by different artists, on the singles chart at the same time, prompting EMI's UK Chairman Peter Reichardt to call her \"the most important songwriter in the world\". She has been rated the third most successful female artist in the UK.", "singer    entity is an American composer.", "music    entity is a song composed by Billy Steinberg and Tom Kelly, who recorded it under the name i-Ten on their 1983 album Taking a Cold Look. It was later recorded by actress Valerie Stevenson and actor John Stamos on the original soundtrack of the CBS sitcom Dreams in 1984. American rock band Heart covered it on their 1987 album Bad Animals, and this version reached number one in the US and Canada. In 2007 Celine Dion recorded it for her album Taking Chances. In 2010 Alyssa Reid used the music and lyrics for the chorus of her song Alone Again.", "music    entity is a Celine Dion single from the Taking Chances album. This is the second single in America and Europe and the third single in the United Kingdom. This is a cover of a song by the American group Heart. It is Ben Moody, the ex-guitarist of Evanescence who produce the song.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by the American rock band Little Feat. The album was completed and released shortly after the death of the band's founder and frontman, Lowell George, in 1979. It was their last original work for nine years. The band had announced their break-up in June 1979 during the making of the album. Little Feat would reform in 1987. The cover shows one of Neon Park's several duck-girls -an allusion to \"The Finishing Touch\" by painter Gil Elvgren.", "music    entity is Little Feat's seventh studio album, released in November 1979.", "army    entity was a unit of the German army created in the fall of 1936. It was based on the old Reichswehr 15th Infantry Regiment and drew its initial recruits from Thuringia. It was upgraded to 29th Motorized Infantry Division in the fall of 1937. The division was also known as the Falke-Division .", "army    entity was a Panzergrenadier motorized infantry division of the German Army during World War II which fought particularly in Eastern Europe and Italy.", "singer    entity is a German band, consisting of three members Henry Horn , Marvin Schlatter and Dario Flick .", "singer    entity is a German band consisting of three members. Henry Horn, Marvin Schlatter and Dario Flick.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey right winger who was most recently signed to Ukrainian Hockey League side Dnipro Kherson. Vorobyev previously iced with Gyergy\u00f3i HK in the Erste Liga, and played with the Edinburgh Capitals of the EIHL between 2016 and 2018.", "sports team    entity is a Russian-Kazakh professional ice hockey player.", "music    entity is a song recorded by the English rock band the Rolling Stones. Written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, it was recorded in late 1965 and released as a single in February 1966. It reached number 2 on both the US Billboard Hot 100 and Britain's Record Retailer chart , while topping the charts compiled by Cash Box and NME. In the UK, it broke the band's streak of consecutive number-one singles that had started with \"It's All Over Now\" .", "music    entity is a song by the Rolling Stones released as a single in early 1966. It would have been written in reference to Chrissie Shrimpton, girlfriend of Mick Jagger at the time. Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who last played for Jonqui\u00e8re Marquis of the LNAH.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "music    entity is a double live album released by Frank Zappa in May 1981. The album was conceived by Zappa after he scrapped the planned albums Warts and All and Crush All Boxes, and contains tracks that were intended for those albums.", "music    entity is a progressive rock album by Frank Zappa released in 1981. For about 3 years, Frank Zappa has systematically recorded all his concerts with multitrack equipment worthy of the best studios, this allows him, in addition to an exhaustive archiving of his performances, to practice the collages and other cut-outs of the various composed pieces...", "mountain    entity was a Norwegian football outside right player from Bergen who played for SK Hardy. He was capped 20 times for Norway, and scored five international goals. He was a member of Norway's 1936 Summer Olympics bronze medal team, beating Germany 2-0 in the quarter finals, and played in the 1938 World Cup. Norway their first match to Italy in the round 16 , and Italy would go on to win the cup. Frantzen married Betty Blindheim on 26 July 1941; they separated in 1965. Frantzen had at least one granddaughter, Joy Frantzen.", "mountain    entity was a Norwegian international footballer.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gosty\u0144 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres south of Piaski, 8 km south-east of Gosty\u0144, and 64 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The village has a population of 241.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Piaski in Gosty \u0144 County , Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "city    entity is a district in the north-east of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. Neighbouring districts are Altenkirchen, Lahn-Dill, Limburg-Weilburg, Rhein-Lahn, the district-free city Koblenz, Mayen-Koblenz and Neuwied.", "city    entity is a district of Rhineland-Palatinate . Its capital is Montabaur.", "music    entity were an English rock band formed in Manchester in 1991. They were originally known as the Rain before evolving into entity, and initially consisted of Liam Gallagher , Paul Arthurs , Paul McGuigan , and Tony McCarroll . Upon returning to Manchester, Liam's older brother Noel joined as a fifth member, finalising the band's core line-up. During the course of their existence, they had various line-up changes, though the Gallagher brothers remained as the staple members.", "music    entity is an English rock band, originally named The Rain, formed in 1991 in Manchester. The band initially consisted of Liam Gallagher, Paul \"Bonehead\" Arthurs, Paul \"Guigsy\" McGuigan and Tony McCarroll, soon joined by Noel, Liam's big brother.", "singer    entity was an American singer. Born in Kingstree, South Carolina and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, he initially rose to musical fame as the lead singer of Harold Melvin & the Blue Notes. After leaving the group in 1976, Pendergrass launched a successful solo career under the Philadelphia International label, releasing five consecutive platinum albums . Pendergrass's career was suspended after a March 1982 car crash left him paralyzed from the shoulders down. Pendergrass continued his successful solo career until announcing his retirement in 2007. Pendergrass died from respiratory failure in January 2010.", "singer    entity is an American soul singer.", "city    entity is a borough of New York City, coextensive with Bronx County, in the U.S. state of New York. It is south of Westchester County; north and east of the New York City borough of Manhattan, across the Harlem River; and north of the New York City borough of Queens, across the East River. entity has a land area of 42 square miles and a population of 1,472,654 in the 2020 census. If each borough were ranked as a city, the Bronx would rank as the ninth-most-populous in the U.S. Of the five boroughs, it has the fourth-largest area, fourth-highest population, and third-highest population density. It is the only borough of New York City not primarily on an island. With a population that is 54.8% Hispanic as of 2020, it is the only majority-Hispanic county in the Nort", "city    entity is one of five boroughs in New York City. It coincides with the county of Bronx, administrative division of the State of New York, but the latter does not function as a county strictly speaking, indeed it has no power and depends entirely on the municipal authority. In 2010, its population was 1,400,761.", "city    entity is a county in the East Midlands of England. It includes much of the Peak District National Park, the southern end of the Pennine range of hills, and part of the National Forest. It borders Greater Manchester to the north-west, West Yorkshire to the north, South Yorkshire to the north-east, Nottinghamshire to the east, Leicestershire to the south-east, Staffordshire to the west and south-west, and Cheshire to the west. Kinder Scout, at 636 metres , is the highest point and Trent Meadows, where the River Trent leaves entity, the lowest at 27 metres . The north\u2013south River Derwent is the longest river at 66 mi . In 2003 the Ordnance Survey named Church Flatts Farm at Coton in the Elms near Swadlinco", "city    entity is a county in the East Midlands region of England. Renowned for its attractive scenery, it includes most of the Peak District National Park, the Pennine Range in its northern part, and part of the National Forest.", "music    entity is the third single and opening track from Blue Lines, the 1991 debut from Massive Attack, with vocals by Shara Nelson and Robert Del Naja. The bass, guitar, and drums are sampled from the song \"Stratus\" by Billy Cobham, from his album Spectrum . Additional drums are sampled from \"Good Old Music\" by Funkadelic. Other samples come from Herbie Hancock's \"Chameleon\", and some of the background vocals are based on Johnny \"Guitar\" Watson's 1961 song Looking Back.", "music    entity is the third single from Blue Lines, Massive Attack's debut album. Bass, guitar, and drums are sampled from the song \"Stratus\" by Billy Cobham, from his album Spectrum. The vocals are by Shara Nelson. entity is played at the end of the film The Insider directed by Michael Mann.", "school    entity was an English philosopher and political theorist who wrote about philosophy of history, philosophy of religion, aesthetics, philosophy of education, and philosophy of law.", "school    entity is a British philosopher and historian who is particularly interested in political thought, the philosophy of history, education, religion, and aesthetics. He is now considered one of the most significant conservative intellectuals of the 20th century.", "music    entity is MAX's 20th single on the Avex Trax label and was released on May 16, 2001. The title track was the \"Kacchao\" commercial song. The song debuted and peaked at #10 on the Oricon charts and is currently their last top 10 single. entity was to serve as the lead single from their then-upcoming fifth studio album, originally to be released on March 20, 2002. However, due to lead singer Mina's marriage and pregnancy, the album was shelved and replaced with a second greatest hits album, Precious Collection 1995\u20132002.", "music    entity is MAX's 20th single.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on June 23, 1985, in Detroit, Michigan. It was the sixth round of the 1985 FIA Formula One World Championship and the fourth Detroit Grand Prix. The race was held over 63 laps of the seven kilometre circuit for a total race distance of 260 kilometres.", "competition    Results of the 1985 Formula 1 Detroit Motor Grand Prix held at the Detroit Street Circuit on June 23, 1985.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by English power metal band DragonForce, released on 20 August 2008 in Japan through JVC and on 26 August 2008 worldwide through Roadrunner Records and Spinefarm Records. entity is the last studio album to feature ZP Theart on vocals and the first one to feature Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Leclercq on the bass guitar.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by British power metal band DragonForce, released on August 26, 2008 by Roadrunner Records and Spinefarm Records.", "music    entity is a live album by the band UFO. It was the group's first live recording and was initially released exclusively in Japan in December 1971 entitled U.F.O Landed Japan. The album was later released abroad from 1972 onwards, some with different titles, such as UFO entity in Japan and UFO Lands in Tokyo. The album was reissued on the Flying, The Early Years compilation, along with all of the band's other pre-Schenker work.", "music    entity is UFO's third album.", "music    entity is a song by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails from their fifth studio album, Year Zero . It was released as the album's lead single. The single was released digitally on the iTunes Store on March 13, 2007, and the CD and vinyl singles were released internationally on April 2, 2007. As with \"The Hand That Feeds\" and \"Only\", the entity multi-track GarageBand file was released by the band for fan remixing on March 13. It can be downloaded on the album's website.", "music    entity is an industrial metal single from the band Nine Inch Nails released in 2007. Rock portal Rock portal Metal portal Metal portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "mountain    entity is subject to frequent snowfall, occasional rain, and extreme temperature variation between seasons. The mountains, particularly South Sister, ar", "mountain    entity are three volcanoes \u2014 North Sister at 3,074 meters in the north, Middle Sister at 3,062 meters in the center, both extinct, and South Sister at 3,157 meters in the south, in sleep \u2014 located in the Cascade Range in central Oregon in the Northwestern United States.", "music    entity is a song written by Roy Lee Johnson and recorded by Dr. Feelgood and the Interns. The song is best known for being covered by the Beatles on the 1964 albums Beatles for Sale in the United Kingdom and Beatles '65 in the United States.", "music    entity is a song written by Roy Lee Johnson, whose most famous interpretation is the cover of the Beatles released in 1964 on the album Beatles for Sale. John Lennon had discovered this song thanks to the version recorded by Piano Red.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by garage rock revival band The Von Bondies. It was produced by Jack White of The White Stripes, a band that also had the Von Bondies open their shows for them during one of their tours. The album was released in 2001 by Sympathy for the Record Industry, and released in the UK by Sweet Nothing Records.", "music    entity is the debut album by American garage rock band The Von Bondies, released in 2001 by Sympathy For The Record Industry.", "mountain    entity is located in the Hidaka Mountains, Hokkaid\u014d, Japan.", "mountain    entity is an 872 m high mountain in the Hidaka Mountains in Hokkaid\u014d, Japan.", "music    entity is the twenty-fourth album by the Norwegian electronic dance music producer Aleksander Vinter, and his sixth using the alias \"Savant\". It was released on 7 March 2013. It was released for free, and consists of previously released singles compiled into this album. The track \"Feel Me\" is replaced by another track called \"Shark\" in all online music stores apart from Bandcamp.", "music    entity is the eighth album by Norwegian electronic dance music producer Aleksander Vinter, and his sixth under the name Savant.", "city    entity is a seaport and the capital city of Yemen's largest governorate, Hadhramaut. The city is in the southern part of the Arabian Peninsula on the Gulf of Aden, on the shores of the Arabian Sea, about 480 kilometres east of Aden. It is the most important port in the Hadhramaut and the fifth-largest city in Yemen, with a population of approximately 300,000. The city is served by the nearby Riyan International Airport.", "city    entity is a city in Yemen, on the Indian Ocean, 480 km from Aden.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Meuse in the Lorraine region.", "actor    entity was an American screen, stage and vaudeville actor and film director. As a director he made films in virtually all genres, including westerns, musicals, comedies, gangster films, and crime dramas. He was one of the directors at Warner Bros. in the 1930s who helped give that studio its reputation for gritty, fast-paced \"torn from the headlines\" action films. And, in directing Warner Bros.' 42nd Street, he joined the movie's song-and-dance-number director, Busby Berkeley, in contributing to \"an instant and enduring classic transformed the musical genre.\"", "actor    entity was an American actor and director.", "competition    entity was a Grand Prix motor race held at Reims-Gueux on 9 July 1939.", "competition    entity is \u200b\u200ba Grand Prix counting towards the European Drivers' Championship, held on the Reims-Gueux circuit on July 9, 1939.", "music    entity is a song by the American punk rock band the Ramones. Written by drummer Tommy Ramone, it was released on the first Ramones album. It was also released as the Ramones' second single, following \"Blitzkrieg Bop.\"", "music    entity is the second single from American punk rock band The Ramones. The song is written and composed by Tommy Ramone.", "music    entity is a song by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails from their second studio album, The Downward Spiral , written by Trent Reznor. It was released on April 17, 1995 as a promotional single from the album. The song received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Rock Song in 1996.", "music    entity is a song written by Trent Reznor which is the first single from The Downward Spiral album. She received a Grammy nomination for Best Rock Song in 1996. Johnny Cash's 2002 cover of \"entity\" was critically acclaimed as one of the last songs the band performed. artist before his death.", "music    entity is a song written by Morgane Hayes , Kelley Lovelace and Ashley Gorley, and recorded by American country music artist Carrie Underwood. It was released in March 2006 as the fourth single from Underwood's debut album, Some Hearts. It is also her second release to country radio. The song peaked at number two on the Billboard country charts in early 2006, and number 49 on the Billboard Hot 100. It has sold 403,000 copies.", "music    entity is the fourth single from American country music singer Carrie Underwood's debut album Some Hearts. Country music portal Country music portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Oskarshamn in Sweden. The team plays in the top-tier league, SHL, after succeeding through the 2019 SHL qualifiers and thus earning promotion to the SHL. The 2019\u201320 season will be the team's first season in the top-tier league.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Oskarshamn in Sweden. He evolves in Allsvenskan, second level Swedish.", "city    entity is a city and municipality in Viken county, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the city of entity. The city of entity was founded in 1567 by King Frederick II, and established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 . The rural municipality of Glemmen was merged with entity on 1 January 1964. The rural municipalities of Borge, Ons\u00f8y, Kr\u00e5ker\u00f8y, and Rolvs\u00f8y were merged with entity on 1 January 1994.", "city    entity is a port city in Norway located at the mouth of Norway's largest river, the Glomma. Its population is 75,583. Norway Portal Norway Portal", "actor    entity was a French businessman, politician and occasional actor, singer, and TV host. He was Minister of City Affairs in the government of Pierre B\u00e9r\u00e9govoy.", "actor    entity is a French businessman, born January 26, 1943 in the 20th arrondissement of Paris. He was successively or simultaneously, leader of a group of companies, leader of a football club, television host, writer, politician, or actor. Having become a businessman again since the end of the 2000s, he is currently manager of the entity Group and head of the press.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 364 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Moravica district. At the 2011 census, it had 341 inhabitants.", "singer    entity is a Finnish DJ and record producer from Eura, Satakunta. He started making music in 1995 and released the platinum-selling hit single \"Sandstorm\" in late 1999. His debut studio album, Before the Storm, was released on September 18, 2000 and sold 800,000 copies worldwide, earning Darude three Finnish Grammy Awards. It peaked at number one on Finland's Official List and number 6 on the Billboard Dance/Electronic Albums chart in the United States. Darude's second studio album, Rush, reached number 11 on the Billboard dance chart in 2003 and number 4 on weekly album chart in Finland.", "singer    entity is a Finnish dance producer and DJ. Debuting in 1999 with the single Sandstorm and the album Before the Storm, Darude is known around the world for his progressive and uplifted style.", "army    entity was raised over the winter of 1940-1941 and served on coastal defense duties in Brittany and along the Channel coast until early 1943. In October 1942 the division was reorganized as the 332nd Infantry Division , and in the spring of 1943 it was transferred to the Eastern Front; it was disbanded after the Battle of Kursk.", "army    entity was one of the infantry divisions of the German army during World War II.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres east of Wodynie, 23 km south-west of Siedlce, and 71 km east of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Wi\u015bniew in the county of Siedlce in the Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "actor    entity is an English actor, producer and musician. He is known for roles including Stringer Bell in the HBO series The Wire, DCI John Luther in the BBC One series Luther, and Nelson Mandela in the biographical film Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom . He has been nominated four times for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor \u2013 Miniseries or Television Film, winning one, and has been nominated five times for a Primetime Emmy Award.", "actor    entity is a British actor and producer. He is best known for portraying drug lord and businessman Stringer Bell in the American HBO series The Wire and Inspector John Luther in Luther, a British detective series broadcast on the BBC.", "sportsman    entity is an English rugby union footballer for the Yorkshire Carnegie in the RFU Championship, as a fullback or on the wing and he can also operate in the centre's.", "sportsman    entity is an English rugby union player. He plays with the Sale Sharks club as a full-back, winger or even centre. He has been selected for England youth teams and is playing in the England rugby union championship. the London Wasps, after the club was relegated from Leeds in 2005-2006. In 2008-2009, he joined the Sharks.", "music    entity is a song by American band Maroon 5. It was released on June 22, 2010 by A&M Octone Records, as the lead single from their third studio album Hands All Over .", "music    entity is the lead single from Maroon 5's third album, Hands All Over.", "actor    entity was an American film and television actor who was featured in more than 70 films, largely action roles, and made 100 television appearances during a 45-year career. During the New Hollywood era, Coburn cultivated an image synonymous with \"cool\" and, along with such contemporaries as Lee Marvin, Steve McQueen, Charles Bronson, and Clint Eastwood, he became one of the most prominent \"tough-guy\" actors of his day.", "actor    entity was an American actor . He rose to prominence as Britt the Knife Thrower in The Magnificent Seven. He remains in the memory of moviegoers as Sam Peckinpah's favorite actor with his roles in Major Dundee, Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid and Iron Cross.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, released on 17 October 1995. Led by the number-one single \"XXL\", the album was something of a departure from her previous work. Although it received mixed reviews from critics, the album was very successful, peaking at no.1 and staying on the French album chart for almost two years.", "music    entity is the title of Myl\u00e8ne Farmer's fourth studio album, released on October 17, 1995. The title of the album is a reference to anamorphosis, an optical effect that distorts an image so that it is only visible in a mirror.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Dr. Dre, featuring fellow American rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg, on Dre's debut solo album, The Chronic . The album's first single, \"Nuthin' but a 'G' Thang,\" reaching number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 on March 20, 1993, behind \"Informer\" by Snow, outperformed The Chronic's other singles, \"Fuck wit Dre Day \", which peaked at number 8, and \"Let Me Ride\", which peaked at number 34. The single also reached number 1 on Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart, and was a hit in the UK, where it reached number 31.", "music    entity is a song by Dr. Dre published in 1992 on the album The Chronic of which it is the first single. Snoop Dogg participates in this song. of hip-hop Hip-hop portal 1990s portal 1990s portal", "music    entity is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It was released on September 15, 2008, by Big Machine Records, as the lead single from Swift's second studio album Fearless . Produced by Swift and Nathan Chapman, the song was inspired by a love interest of Swift who was unpopular to her family and friends. Swift based the song's narrative on the plot of William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet , as told from the perspective of Juliet, but replaced the play's tragic conclusion with a happy ending. Musically, entity is a midtempo country pop song featuring soprano vocals and a slow-building melody.", "music    entity is the first single from the album Fearless by American country pop singer Taylor Swift. It has sold 6.5 million copies worldwide, making it the sixth best-selling single in year 2009.It is inspired by \"Romeo and Juliet\", Shakespeare's famous tragedy", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulh\u00f3wek, within Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 3 kilometres north of Ulh\u00f3wek, 27 km east of Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski, and 121 km south-east of the regional capital Lublin. The village has a population of 260.", "airport    entity is a village in the Gmina of Ulh\u00f3wek, Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, located in eastern Poland.", "city    entity is the public transit provider for Abidjan, Ivory Coast and its suburbs. It is the first urban transport company organized in West Africa. SOTRA is a company that manages transit through its bus and water bus fleet. This company was created on December 16, 1960, to manage all modes of surface transportation, which were previously provided by private interests. Its status is that of a .", "city    entity is an Ivorian transport company, the first organized urban transport company in West Africa SOTRA is a company that manages urban transport in Abidjan and its inner suburbs via its lines of bus and water bus. This company was created on June 16, 1960, in order to manage all the means of surface transport, which were previously provided by private companies.", "actor    entity is best remembered for his roles in British films and television programmes of the 1960s and 1970s, particularly the 1966 mystery film Blowup, directed by Michelangelo Antonioni. Early in his career, Hemmings was a boy soprano appearing in operatic roles.", "actor    entity is a British actor, producer and director, born on November 18, 1941 in Guildford, Surrey, and died of a heart attack on December 3, 2003 in Bucharest.", "music    entity is the third album in a series of five releases celebrating the 10th anniversary of John Zorn's Masada songbook project. It features twelve previously unreleased Masada compositions performed by Erik Friedlander's Quake , Rashanim , Dave Douglas , Tatsuya Yoshida , , Jamie Saft , , Koby Israelite , Julian Kytasty ; Fant\u4e48mas , Wadada Leo Smith and Ikue Mori , and Eyvind Kang .", "music    entity is an album recorded by various groups close to John Zorn and his Tzadik label, released in 2003 on the Tzadik label. Each group plays a Masada composition that has not already been recorded by the original quartet. The compositions are by John Zorn. This album is part of the Masada Anniversary series recorded on the occasion of Masada's 10th anniversary.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by the German rock band Scorpions. It was released in 1976 and was the band's first album to attract attention outside Europe. The title is described as being a reference to time as the killer of innocence. The original cover featured a nude prepubescent girl, which stirred controversy in the UK, US and elsewhere. As a result, the album was re-issued with a different cover in some countries.", "music    entity is the fourth album of the German hard rock band Scorpions released in 1976. Like their previous album In Trance, entity confirms the growing success of the group. It sold well in Europe, but especially in Japan, where it quickly went gold.", "war    entity is the third studio album by American deathcore band Carnifex, released February 16, 2010, through Victory Records.", "war    entity is the third studio album by American deathcore band Carnifex. The album was released on February 16, 2010 under the Victory Records label. However, a week before the final release, the album was streamable on the band's official MySpace.", "music    entity is the second studio album by the American electronic musician Dan Deacon. It was released on March 24, 2009.", "music    entity is an album by American musician Dan Deacon, released on March 24, 2009 by Carpark Records. In an interview on NPR on April 22, 2009, Dan Deacon confirms that the word 'entity' has no other meaning than being the title of the album.", "city    entity is a town in the district of G\u00fcssing in the Austrian state of Burgenland.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of G\u00fcssing in Burgenland, Austria.", "war    entity is the second role-playing video game for the PlayStation 2 based on the series of the same name. It is the prequel of sorts to Fullmetal Alchemist and the Broken Angel. The game has much improved visuals than the previous title, as well as all dialog being voiced over. To help boost sales, Square Enix decided to release the game with a bonus DVD in the United States containing the second and third episodes of season two of the Fullmetal Alchemist anime series, since the show took a four-month break in its Adult Swim broadcast. This DVD contains o", "war    entity is an Action-RPG video game developed by Racjin and published by Square Enix using the Fullmetal Alchemist Japanese comic book universe. The game was released in 2004 on the PlayStation 2 console. It follows the game Fullmetal Alchemist and the Broken Angel which continues in the universe of the Japanese series.", "music    entity is an American funk band formed in the late 1960s by George Clinton as part of his entity-Funkadelic collective. More commercial and less rock-oriented than its sister act Funkadelic, entity drew on science-fiction and outlandish performances in their work. The band scored a number of Top 10 hits, including the million-selling 1976 single \"Give Up the Funk ,\" and Top 40 albums such as Mothership Connection .", "music    entity is an American funk band, originally called The entitys.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Veliko Gradi\u0161te, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 964 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Veliko Gradi \u0161 te, district of Brani \u010d evo . At the 2011 census, it had 733 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American rapper Jeezy . It was released on September 2, 2008, by Corporate Thugz Entertainment and Def Jam Recordings. The album was supported by five singles: \"Put On\" featuring Kanye West, \"Vacation\", \"Crazy World\", \"My President\" featuring Nas, and \"Who Dat\". entity 2, the album's sequel was released in 2020.", "music    entity is Young Jeezy's third studio album, released on September 2, 2008. The album, which ranked #1 on the Billboard 200, Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, Top Rap Albums and Top Internet Albums, was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on December 10, 2008. An official Put On remix, featuring Jay-Z, was released on July 29, 2008.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American hip hop band the Roots, released July 13, 2004 on Geffen Records. It is named after Malcolm Gladwell's book of the same name , and it serves as the follow-up to Phrenology . The album is a musical departure from their previous work, featuring a more diverse, yet pop-oriented sound, and it contains lyrics associated with rapping-prowess, political insight, and social commentary. entity has been noted by music writers for exhibiting and emphasizing soul, jazz, and funk influences as well. The song \"I Don't Care\" was featured on the soundtrack of the game Gran Turismo 4.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by The Roots, released on July 13, 2004.", "singer    entity is an Italian DJ, record producer and remixer. He is widely seen as a pioneer of electro house, a genre brought into the mainstream by his 2002 summer club hit \"Satisfaction\". He started his career as DJ along with his cousin Alessandro \"Alle\" Benassi, forming the electronica duo Benassi Bros. Although he began to gain popularity with his pseudonym in 1997 by releasing the song \"Electric Flying\", his first international hit was \"I Feel So Fine\", launched in 2001 under the nickname KMC.", "singer    entity is an Italian, house-oriented disc jockey and producer. He became popular on the international scene with the Benassi Bros project, and his title Satisfaction in 2002. In 2009, he ranked 26th in the ranking of international disc jockeys established by the magazine DJ Mag. In 2011, he lost a place and ranked 27th, then 70th in 2012, and 89th in 2013.", "royal    entity was also Earl of Richmond in the Peerage of England. He took part in two crusades prior to his accession to the ducal throne. As a duke, John was involved in the conflicts between the kings of France and England. He was crushed to death in an accident during the celebrations of a papal coronation.", "royal    entity was Duke of Brittany, Count of Richmond and Peer of France.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game developed and published by independent game developer 2D Boy. The game was released on Microsoft Windows and Wii platforms on October 13, 2008, with releases on Nintendo Switch, Mac OS X, Linux, and various mobile devices in subsequent years. A physics-based puzzler, entity has the player use small balls of goo to create bridges and similar structures over chasms and obstacles to help other goo balls reach a goal point, with the challenge to use as few goo balls as possible to build this structure.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game for Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, WiiWare, iOS and Android, originally released in October 2008. Made by 2D Boy, a small independent development studio founded by Kyle Gabler and Ron Carmel, two former employees of Electronic Arts, the game consists of building structures with small round creatures - the Goos - in order to bring them to an exit pipe.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.Since 2016, it has been designated a key village in the UNESCO because of its outstanding geological features, its rich biodiversity, and its historical interest.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence, in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. The name of the inhabitants of entity is Turri\u00e9rois,.", "music    entity is a song by the British\u2013American rock band Wings written by Paul McCartney and Denny Laine. The song was written in tribute to the Kintyre peninsula in Scotland and its headland, the Mull of Kintyre, where McCartney has owned High Park Farm since 1966. The single was Wings' biggest hit in Britain and is one of the best selling singles of all time in the United Kingdom, where it became the 1977 Christmas number one and was the first single to sell over two million copies nationwide.", "music    entity is a song by Paul McCartney and the Wings released as a single in 1977.", "music    entity is a song recorded by English-Irish boy band One Direction for their second studio album, Take Me Home . It was released as the record's second single in Germany and the third and final single on 7 January 2013. The song was composed by Kristoffer Fogelmark, Kristian Lundin, Albin Nedler, Savan Kotecha, Shellback and its producers, Carl Falk and Rami Yacoub. entity is an upbeat power pop song with electronic effects; the lyrics detail the narrator's infatuation with a significant other. Critics praised the song for its production, calling it a stand-out track on Take Me Home.", "music    entity is a song by One Direction released on January 7, 2013 by Syco Records. 3rd single taken from the studio album Take Me Home, the song is written by Rami Yacoub, Carl Falk, Savan Kotecha, Kristian Lundin, Albin Nedler and by Kristoffer Fogelmark. entity is produced by Yacoub and by Falk.", "music    entity is the seventeenth single from Duran Duran and the first single from the Big Thing album. It was released in September 1988. As with the album, the band's name was rendered on the artwork as Duranduran.", "music    entity is a song by Duran Duran, released as a single in 1988. It is the first single from their 5th studio album, Big Thing, also released in 1988. As on the cover of Big Thing, the name of the group here is written \"Duranduran\".", "war    entity is a role-playing video game developed by Game Arts and Studio Alex for the Sega CD as the sequel to Lunar: The Silver Star. The game was originally released in December 1994 in Japan, and later in North America in September 1995 by Working Designs. Eternal Blue expanded the story and gameplay of its predecessor, and made more use of the Sega CD's hardware, including more detailed graphics, longer, more elaborate animated cutscenes, and more extensive use of voice acting. Critics were mostly pleased with the title, giving particular merit to the game's English translation and further expansion of the role-playing game genre in CD format.", "war    entity is a role-playing video game released in 1994 on Mega-CD. The game was developed by Studio Alex and published by Game Arts. It follows Lunar: The Silver Star.", "city    entity is the prefecture of the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department and Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region, France. Situated in the Provence historical province, it is located on the coast of the Gulf of Lion, part of the Mediterranean Sea, near the mouth of the Rh\u00f4ne. entity is the second-largest city in France, covering an area of 241 km2 ; it had a population of 870,018 in 2016. Its metropolitan area, which extends over 3,174 km2 , is the third-largest in France after those of Paris and Lyon, with a population of 1,760,653 as of 2017, or 3,100,329 by the broader Eurostat definition of metropolitan region. Its inhabitants", "city    entity is a commune in the south-east of France, capital of the department of Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne and of the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Since 2000, entity has been part of the entity Provence M\u00e9tropole urban community, which brings together 1,039,739 inhabitants. By population, entity is the second largest municipality in France, with 850,636 inhabitants, and the third largest urban area with 1.56 million inhabitants. in 2011.", "city    entity is a port city and capital of Mwanza Region on the southern shore of Lake Victoria in north-western Tanzania. With an urban population of 1,182,000 in 2021, it is Tanzania's second largest city, after Dar es Salaam. It is also the second largest city in the Lake Victoria basin after Kampala, Uganda and ahead of Kisumu, Kenya at least in population size. Within the East African community, Mwanza city is the fifth largest city after Dar, Nairobi, Mombasa, and Kampala. It is slightly ahead of Kigali, Kisumu, and Bujumbura in the population of city proper limits. However, in terms of infrastructure, Kigali and Kisumu cities are way ahead of Mwanza. Mwanza city is also the capital city of Mwanza Region, and is administratively divided into", "city    entity is a port city in Tanzania and the capital of the entity region. It is located on the southern shores of Lake Victoria, in the north of the country. Its population was 385,810 according to the 2002 census, making it the second largest city in Tanzania after Dar es Salaam.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Dr\u00f4me department in southeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dr\u00f4me in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dordogne, in the Aquitaine region.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Madonna from her tenth studio album Confessions on a Dance Floor . It was written and produced by Madonna and Stuart Price, and released as the second single from the album on February 6, 2006. It later appeared on Celebration, her 2009 greatest hits album. An uptempo dance song, entity was one of the first tracks developed for the album. One remix on the CD maxi single was done by the Pet Shop Boys, featuring added lyrics by the band. The song features a dance groove tempo, and talks about personal empowerment and self-sufficiency.", "music    entity is a pop/dance song written and produced by Madonna and Stuart Price for Confessions on a Dance Floor, Madonna's 10th studio album. It is the album's 2nd single. It was number 1 in Greece, Italy, Spain, UK, China and Japan. The title is in the Top 10 in other countries such as Australia, France, Germany, the Netherlands and Ireland.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day. It is the opening track and the fourth and final single released from their fifth studio album, Nimrod . The use of the song in the movie Varsity Blues helped propel it to hit status and earned it a nomination for an MTV Movie Award for best song from a movie in 1999.", "music    entity is a song by American punk rock band Green Day, from their 1997 album Nimrod. It was the fourth single from the album. The song reached #4 in the American charts, #15 in the English charts and #11 in the French charts. It also appeared on International Superhits!, a compilation of Green Day singles released in 2001.", "language    entity is ongoing debate as to whether or not he and the other members of the team actively and willingly pursued the development of a nuclear bomb for Germany during this time.", "language    entity was a German physicist and philosopher. He was the longest-lived member of the research team that tried to develop atomic weapons in Germany during World War II.", "actor    entity is an American novelist and screenwriter within the genres of fantasy, science fiction, mystery, and historical fiction. She has a bestselling mystery series featuring a free man of color, a musician and physician, in New Orleans in the antebellum years. She also wrote a novel about Mary Todd Lincoln. Her science fiction novels occur within an explicit multiverse, as well as within previously existing settings .", "actor    entity is an American fantasy and science fiction writer.", "music    entity is a song by Jay-Z and Kanye West featuring American recording artist Beyonc\u00e9. It was written by Kanye West, Jay-Z, Jeff Bhasker, Mike Dean, Bruno Mars and Seal, while production was handled by West, Bhasker, Mike Dean, Pharrell, Q-Tip, and Don Jazzy for Jay-Z's and West's collaboration album, Watch the Throne . The song was rumored to be released as the lead single from the album containing additional vocals by Bruno Mars. However, Mars never appeared on the song and it was sent to urban contemporary radio on August 23, 2011.", "music    entity is a song by Jay-Z and Kanye West, in duet with Beyonc\u00e9, 3rd single from their joint album Watch the Throne. Initially announced as the first single, the title was released on the radio on August 23, 2011.", "singer    entity is a Canadian-American singer-songwriter, philantrophist, musician, humanitarian and activist. After embarking on a music career in Winnipeg in the 1960s, Young moved to Los Angeles, joining Buffalo Springfield with Stephen Stills, Richie Furay and others. Since the beginning of his solo career with his backing band Crazy Horse, Young has released many critically acclaimed and important albums, such as Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere, After the Gold Rush, and Harvest. He was a part-time member of Crosby, Stills & Nash.", "singer    entity is a Canadian folk, country and rock singer and guitarist. Its peak was in the early 1970s with the albums After the Gold Rush and Harvest and its role in the group Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. He is the son of Canadian journalist and novelist Scott Young who died in 2005. Neil Young's music is recognizable by his often high-pitched voice and the ubiquitous guitar.", "music    entity was the primary leader: he assembled the band, named it, and drove their sound and image. After Andrew Loog Oldham became the group's manager in 1963, he encouraged them to write their own songs. Jagger and Richards became the primary creative force behind the band, alienating Jones, who developed a drug addiction", "music    entity are a British rock band, formed in London in 1962 by original guitarist and frontman Brian Jones, pianist Ian Stewart, vocalist Mick Jagger and guitarist Keith Richards. Bassist Bill Wyman and drummer Charlie Watts then joined them and completed the original line-up.", "music    entity is the second studio album by the Backstreet Boys, released internationally August 11, 1997 by Jive Records and Trans Continental Records, with the exception of United States. It was a follow-up to their successful debut album Backstreet Boys . Some songs from this album and the debut album were compiled into a second self-titled album, Backstreet Boys , which was released only in the US.", "music    entity is the second album by the Backstreet Boys, released in 1997. According to sources, it has sold between 24 and 28 million copies worldwide.", "music    entity was released on 13 July 1998 on Warp. No title was printed anywhere within the artwork, in line with the later EP EP7; it has also been called Autechre, as well as Album, as listed on promotional copies. With the album, Autechre began abandoning the considerably warm and organic sounds of earlier albums like Amber in favor of a fine-tuned, technical style they had begun exploring on Chiastic Slide and the Cichlisuite EP, while also incorporating influences from electroacoustic music.", "music    entity is an album by English electronic music group Autechre, released on the Warp Records label in 1998. The album had no title but Warp Records listed it as entity.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszk\u00f3w, within Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres west of Mniszk\u00f3w, 21 km west of Opoczno, and 57 km south-east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The village has a population of about 150.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Mniszk\u00f3w, Opoczno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "video game    entity is a 32-bit home video game console developed by Commodore and released in Europe, Australia, Canada, and Brazil. It was first announced at the Science Museum in London on July 16, 1993, and was released in September of the same year. In the Christmas period following its launch, the CD32 accounted for 38% of all CD-ROM drive sales in the UK, exceeding sales of the Mega-CD; however, it was discontinued as Commodore went into bankruptcy.", "video game    entity is a fifth generation video game console developed by Commodore and marketed in September 1993. The CD32 is a 32-bit console whose architecture is based on the Amiga 1200 computer. having been marketed by Commodore before its bankruptcy in 1994. entity is the first 32-bit to see the light of day in the West.", "city    entity is located in western Switzerland. The canton is bilingual, with French spoken by two thirds of the citizens and German by about one third. Both are official languages in the canton. The canton takes its name from its capital city of Fribourg.", "city    entity is a bilingual canton in western Switzerland.", "school    entity is a public university located in Manchester, England. The university traces its origins to the Manchester Mechanics Institute and the Manchester School of Design, which formed Manchester Polytechnic in 1970. Manchester Polytechnic then gained university status under the government's Further and Higher Education Act, becoming the entity in 1992.", "school    entity is a university in the North West of England.", "war    entity is the first game in the Ultima series of role-playing video games created by Richard Garriott, originally released for the Apple II. It was first published in the United States by California Pacific Computer Company, which registered a copyright for the game on September 2, 1980 and officially released it in June 1981. Since its release, the game has been completely re-coded and ported to many different platforms. The 1986 re-code of Ultima is the most commonly known and available version of the game.", "war    entity is a computer role-playing game, developed by Richard Garriott and published by California Pacific Computer Co. in 1981. The game is the very first in the Ultima role-playing game series.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Adele released on 28 January 2008, by XL Recordings. Following Adele's graduation from the BRIT School in April 2006, she began publishing songs and recorded a three-song demo for a class project and gave it to a friend, who posted the demo on Myspace, where it became very successful and led to interest from the record label. This led to Adele signing a recording contract at age 17 with the label and providing vocals for Jack Pe\u00f1ate. During this session for Pe\u00f1ate's song she met producer Jim Abbiss, who would go on to produce the majority of her debut album.", "music    entity is the debut album by British singer-songwriter Adele. It has sold 6.5 million copies worldwide.", "music    entity is the first extended play and second major release by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails. It was released on September 22, 1992, by Nothing, TVT, and Interscope Records. The EP was produced by frontman Trent Reznor and Flood.", "music    entity is an EP from Nine Inch Nails. This strange musical ensemble is difficult to access today but will still enjoy a certain success in underground circles at the time of its publication.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by Neue Deutsche H\u00e4rte band Rammstein. It was released on 27 September 2004 through Universal Music in Germany and followed shortly by its release across Europe. It was later released in North America through Republic Records on 16 November 2004. Recorded in a span of two years at El Cortijo Studios in M\u00e1laga, Spain, the album was produced by the band themselves along with Swedish record producer Jacob Hellner.", "music    entity is the 4th studio album by German Neue Deutsche H\u00e4rte band Rammstein. This album brings a new sound, endowed with a slower rhythm and softer melodies than its predecessors Mutter, Sehnsucht and Herzeleid.", "music    entity is an album by Stevie Wonder, originally released on the Tamla Motown label on October 30, 1979. It is the soundtrack to the documentary The Secret Life of Plants, directed by Walon Green, which was based on the book of the same name by Peter Tompkins and Christopher Bird. It contains two singles that reached the Billboard Hot 100 charts: \"Send One Your Love\" and the minor hit \"Outside My Window\" . The single \"Black Orchid\" reached No. 63 in the UK.", "music    entity is Stevie Wonder's second double album after Songs in the Key of Life released three years earlier. It was released on October 30, 1979 under the Tamla label.", "war    entity is a 1955 American seafaring Cold War adventure film produced by John Wayne, directed by William A. Wellman, and starring Wayne and Lauren Bacall. The film was distributed by Warner Bros. and shot in CinemaScope and Warnercolor.", "war    entity is a 1955 American film directed by William A. Wellman.", "music    entity is an American record label based in Atlanta, Georgia, United States, and owned by producer Jermaine Dupri, specializing in Southern hip hop, R&B and bass music. So So Def has managed artists such as Bow Wow, Kris Kross, TLC, and Usher.", "music    entity is an urban rap and R&B music label based in Atlanta, Georgia, USA. It was created and has been chaired since 1993 by producer Jermaine Dupri.", "sports team    entity is a retired American football player. He played college football at the University of Notre Dame.", "sports team    entity is an American football player.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9 in eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire in the Burgundy region.", "music    entity is the third song on the album Close to the Edge by English progressive rock band Yes. Live versions of the song are included on the albums Yessongs, Keys to Ascension, Live at Montreux 2003 and In the Present \u2013 Live from Lyon. Multiple performances of the song are included on the 2015 boxed-set Progeny: Seven Shows from Seventy-Two, which features seven complete consecutive concerts recorded on the band's late 1972 North American tour.", "music    entity is the third and shortest track on Yes' album Close to the Edge.", "city    entity is a town and municipality located in the Brani\u010devo District of the eastern Serbia. In 2011, the population of the town was 3,950, while the population of the municipality was 15,490.", "city    entity is a city and a municipality of Serbia located in the district of Brani \u010d evo . At the 2011 census, the city had 3,950 inhabitants and the municipality of which it is the center 15,490.", "war    entity is a 1956 American crime drama film directed and produced by Michael Curtiz, previously director of such noted films as Casablanca, Yankee Doodle Dandy and White Christmas. The film stars Carol Ohmart, Tom Tryon, Jody Lawrance and Elaine Stritch. The screenplay was based on the story \"The Kiss Off\" by Frank Tashlin. The song \"Never Let Me Go\", written by Jay Livingston and Ray Evans, is performed by Nat King Cole. UCLA has an original 16 mm copy of the film in its Film and Television Archive.", "war    entity is a 1956 American film directed by Michael Curtiz.", "music    entity is a 1999 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Myl\u732bne Farmer, first in a studio version, then in a live version during her 1999 concert Mylenium Tour. The song was the only single from her third live album Mylenium Tour and was released on 5 December 2000. The title draws from a direct quotation to a well-known scene in French children's book Le Petit Prince by Antoine de Saint Exup\u8305ry. Although it was generally appreciated by critics and was a top ten hit in France, it had moderate success in terms of sales.", "music    entity is the fourth title of the studio album Innamoramento by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. The track is in the setlist during the Mylenium Tour and was used as a live single to promote the album taken from the tour.", "sports team    entity is a Jamaican international footballer who currently plays for FC Tulsa in the USL Championship.", "sports team    entity is a Jamaican international footballer playing as a striker with the Houston Dynamo in MLS.", "music    entity is the twelfth studio album by English progressive rock band Yes, released on 21 September 1987 by Atco Records. After touring in support of their previous album, 90125 , which saw the band move from progressive rock towards a pop-oriented and commercially accessible direction, Yes started work on a follow-up in 1985 with producer Trevor Horn. It was a laborious album to make; recording began at Carimate, Italy, but internal and creative differences resulted in production to resume in London, where Horn ended his time with the band due to continuing problems. The album was completed in Los Angeles in 1987 by Rabin and producer Paul DeVilliers.", "music    entity is the fifteenth studio album by British band Yes. In the same line as 90125, it does not however obtain the same success. The singles Love Will Find a Way and Rhythm of Love ranked at number 30 and 40 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100.", "sports team    entity was no longer financially viable to own two teams within the same hockey league. The team's official colours were crystal blue and white and they played their home games in the Barclaycard Arena Hamburg.", "sports team    entity are a German professional ice hockey club based in Hamburg. The club plays its matches in the O2 World Hamburg ice rink.", "airport    entity is a railway station located in the commune of Hargicourt near Pierrepont-sur-Avre in the Somme department, France. The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains .", "airport    entity is a French railway station on the Ormoy-Villers line in Boves, located in the town of Hargicourt, near Pierrepont-sur-Avre, in the Somme department, in the Picardy region. It is a passenger stopover for the French National Railway Company served by TER Picardie trains.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Eminem. It was released on February 23, 1999, by Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records. Recorded in Ferndale, Michigan following Eminem's recruitment by Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine, the album features production from Dr. Dre, Bass Brothers, and Eminem himself.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Eminem, released on February 23, 1999. This album is distributed by Web Entertainment and producer Dr. Dre's label, Aftermath Entertainment. Recorded in Ferndale, Michigan following the recruitment of Eminem by Dr. Dre, it is produced by him, the brothers Jess and Mark Bass and by Eminem himself. The main theme of the album is the alter ego of the rapper he created in The Slim Shady EP, Slim Shady.", "music    entity is the fifth and final album by American hard rock band Montrose, released in 1987. It has much more of a glam metal sound than previous Montrose albums. It was the lowest-charting release on Montrose's career, reaching No. 165 on the Billboard 200 in June 1987. According to Ronnie Montrose, singer Johnny Edwards and drummer James Kottak were still officially in the band Buster Brown at the time of the recording of entity. They later played together in the first line-up of the band Wild Horses.", "music    entity is Montrose's fifth album and first in eleven years and Jump on It, released in 1976.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres north-west of Tarczyn, 16 km south-west of Piaseczno, and 28 km south-west of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Tarczyn in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It lies about 3 kilometers northwest of Tarczyn, 16 kilometers south- west of Piaseczno and 28 kilometers southwest of Warsaw.", "war    entity are a genre of video games which combine core elements of role-playing video games with that of tactical strategy video games. The formats of tactical RPGs are much like traditional tabletop role-playing games and strategy games in their appearance, pacing and rule structure. Likewise, early tabletop role-playing games are descended from skirmish wargames like Chainmail, which were primarily concerned with combat.", "war    entity is a tactical role-playing game. In this type of video game, the gameplay is based on the tactical decisions that the player must make during combat. By its many similarities with the chess game, it is recognized as a modern form of this traditional board game. The tactical RPG can, in a way, be considered as a mixture between classic role-playing game and strategy game. turn by turn.", "singer    entity is regarded as one of the most significant cultural icons of the 20th century. His energized interpretations of songs and sexually provocative performance style, combined with a singularly potent mix of influences across color lines during a transformative era in race relations, led him to both great success and initial controversy.", "singer    entity is an American singer and actor. Nicknamed \"The King\", he had a worldwide and considerable influence on musical culture.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American R&B group Jagged Edge. It was released by So So Def and Columbia on June 26, 2001 in the United States. The album's name is a spin on Alanis Morissette's album, Jagged Little Pill . The album debuted at number 3 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 215,000 copies in the US, outranking their previous album, J.E. Heartbreak which had peaked at number eighth on the chart; the album is the group's highest peaking album to date . However, it was not as successful as the group's previous album, though still successful; achieving Platinum status by the Recording Industry Association of America . entity has sold 1.5 million copies in the US.", "music    entity is the third studio album by male R&B group Jagged Edge, released in 2001. Party At number one on the Hot R&B/Hip Hop Singles & Tracks and number 3 on the Billboard Hot 100. The album is almost entirely produced by Jermaine Dupri and his production collaborator So So Def B.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American rapper Richie Rich. It was released November 5, 1996 on Def Jam Recordings, and to date is the only major label release for the artist. The album was produced by Ali Malik, DJ Daryl, Doug Rasheed, Jermaine Dupri, Lev Berlak, Mike Mosley, Richie Rich and Rick Rock. It peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 35 on the Billboard 200. Two of the singles released, \"Let's Ride\" and \"Do G's Get To Go To Heaven?\", both appeared on multiple Billboard singles charts. The album features guest performances by 2Pac, E-40, Luniz, D'wayne Wiggins, T-Boz, and Rame Royal of Rhythm & Green.", "music    entity is Richie Rich's third studio album, released on November 5, 1996. The album ranked 11th on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 35th on the Billboard 200. Two of the singles from the album, Let's Ride and Do G's Get to Go to Heaven?, have charted on many US charts.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department in southern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department and the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are called the entitys. Located to the south-west of the Alpilles massif and north of La Crau, near Arles, it is a town that lives mainly from agriculture and tourism.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, Montreal on 16 June 1996. It was the eighth race of the 1996 Formula One World Championship. The 69-lap race was won from pole position by Englishman Damon Hill, driving a Williams-Renault. Local driver Jacques Villeneuve, Hill's teammate and the son of Gilles, finished second, with Frenchman Jean Alesi third in a Benetton-Renault.", "competition    Results of the 1996 Formula 1 Canadian Grand Prix which took place on the Gilles-Villeneuve circuit on June 16, 1996.", "city    entity is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Ruma municipality, in the Srem District, Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 3,244 people .", "city    entity is a locality of Serbia located in the autonomous province of Vojvodina. It is part of the municipality of Ruma in the district of Syrmia.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Christina Aguilera from her sixth studio album Bionic . It was written by Aguilera, Sia Furler, and the producer Samuel Dixon. entity was released on June 25, 2010 by RCA Records as the third single from Bionic. The track is a down-tempo ballad that talks about an unfaithful man, who has left Aguilera's world \"infected\".", "music    entity is a ballad by American singer and songwriter Christina Aguilera. It is the third single from Bionic, his fourth studio album. For this song, the singer calls on singer and songwriter Sia Furler and producer Samuel Dixon.", "singer    entity is an American jazz tenor saxophonist who is widely recognized as one of the most important and influential jazz musicians. In a seven-decade career, he has recorded over sixty albums as a leader. A number of his compositions, including \"St. Thomas\", \"Oleo\", \"Doxy\", \"Pent-Up House\", and \"Airegin\", have become jazz standards. Rollins has been called \"the greatest living improviser\" and the \"Saxophone Colossus\".", "singer    entity is a tenor saxophonist and jazz composer. He is widely recognized as one of the most important and influential jazz musicians of the post-bebop era. Sonny Rollins' long and prolific career on the tenor saxophone began around the age of 16. Some of his compositions like St. Thomas, Oleo, Doxy and Airegin have become jazz standards.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by Tom Waits, released on September 9, 1980, and his final album to be released on the Asylum label. \"On the Nickel\" was recorded for the Ralph Waite film of the same name. It was later used as the theme song for the 1985 \"The Atlanta Child Murders\" miniseries. \"entity\" was covered by Screamin' Jay Hawkins. In 1993 this version was used without Waits' permission in a Levi's commercial, for which Waits took legal action and won a settlement. Jean-Luc Godard used \"Ruby's Arms\" in his 1983 film First Name: Carmen. Bruce Springsteen performed \"Jersey Girl\" live , including it in his retrospective \"Live/1975\u201385\".", "music    Heartattack and Vine", "city    entity is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "city    entity is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located on the territory of the City of Trebinje and in the Serbian Republic of Bosnia. According to the first results of the Bosnian census of 2013, it no longer has any inhabitants.", "music    entity is the fifteenth studio album by Tom Waits, released in 2002 on the ANTI- label. The album contains songs written for the musical Woyzeck, based on the play of the same name by Georg B\u00fcchner. The theatrical adaptation was directed by Robert Wilson, with whom Waits had worked on two previous plays: The Black Rider and Alice, both of which resulted in soundtrack albums. The latter was released simultaneously in 2002 with entity. The play premiered at the Betty Nansen Theatre in Copenhagen in November 2000. The album ranked at #18 in Metacritic's Top 30 albums of 2002.", "music    entity is an album by Tom Waits released in 2002.", "music    entity is a song written by Bob Dylan. It was recorded at Columbia Recording Studios in New York City in April 1963, and released the following month as the second track on Dylan's second studio album, The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan. Dylan re-recorded the song as a duet with Johnny Cash in February 1969. That recording became the opening track on Nashville Skyline, Dylan's ninth studio album.", "music    entity is a song written by Bob Dylan and featured on The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan album, released in 1963. Six years later, he covered it with Johnny Cash on his country album Nashville Skyline.Dylan covered in this song some musical themes and lyrics from Scarborough Fair, a Scottish medieval ballad notably sung by Simon & Garfunkel on the album Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme.", "music    entity is a song recorded by the British singer George Michael from his debut solo studio album, Faith . It was released on 11 April 1988 as the album's fourth single by Columbia Records. The song hit number one on both the Billboard Hot 100 and the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.", "music    entity is a song by George Michael, taken from his debut studio album Faith. It was released as a single in April 1988 under the Epic label.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rock band Monster Magnet, released in Europe in 1991 and in the United States the following year. The album represents one of the earliest examples of the emerging 1990s sub-genre of stoner rock. Though entity did not perform well commercially upon its initial release, the album was listed on Spin magazine's \"Ten Best Albums of the Year You Didn't Hear\" for 1991. The song \"Medicine\" was released as a single with accompanying music video.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American band Monster Magnet.", "city    entity is a municipality along the north-west coast of the island of Madeira.", "city    entity is a city on the island of Madeira, located on the north coast. Its population is 5,723.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Kiss. It was originally released on the outfit's 1987 album Crazy Nights. Although it peaked at only number 65 on the US Billboard Hot 100, the song became the band's highest-charting single in the United Kingdom , peaking at number four on the UK Singles Chart. In August 2019 it received a Silver certification from the British Phonographic Industry for sales and streams exceeding 200,000. The song also reached the top 10 in Ireland and Norway.", "music    entity is a song by American hard rock band Kiss, which was released on the 1987 album Crazy Nights. Written by vocalist/guitarist Paul Stanley and longtime collaborator Adam Mitchell, the single was released on August 18, 1987 with the song No, No, No on the B-side. The single peaked at number 65 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 37 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and multi-instrumentalist credited with the creation of the new jack swing genre. Riley credits Barry Michael Cooper with giving the genre its name.", "singer    entity is a hip-hop and R&B singer and producer.", "music    entity is a song by Queens of the Stone Age from the album Songs for the Deaf, released as a single in 2003. At the 46th Annual Grammy Awards, the song was nominated for Best Hard Rock Performance.", "music    entity is a song by California band Queens of the Stone Age, the second single from their 2002 album Songs for the Deaf.", "war    entity is a 1944 war film made by Warner Brothers, directed by Michael Curtiz. The screenplay was by Casey Robinson and from the novel Sans Patrie by Charles Nordhoff and James Norman Hall. The music score was by Max Steiner and the cinematography was by James Wong Howe.", "war    entity is an American film directed by Michael Curtiz and released in 1944.", "music    entity was an American rock band based in New York City, formed in 1981. Founding members Thurston Moore , Kim Gordon and Lee Ranaldo remained together for the entire history of the band, while Steve Shelley followed a series of short-term drummers in 1985, rounding out the core line-up. Jim O'Rourke was also a member of the band from 1999 to 2005, and Mark Ibold was a member from 2006 to 2011.", "music    entity is an American avant-garde rock band founded in New York in 1981 and considered one of the major figures of alternative rock.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Ku\u010devo, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 464 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in Ku\u010devo Municipality, Brani\u010devo District . At the 2011 census, it had 406 inhabitants.", "music    entity was founded by Marc \"Xenoyr\" Campbell and Adam Cooper. The current line-up comprises vocalist Xenoyr, violinist and clean vocalist Tim Charles, guitarists Matt Klavins and Benjamin Baret, bassist Martino Garattoni and drummer Daniel Presland. To date, the band has released a demo, two extended plays and three studio albums. Their most recent album, Urn, was released on 27 October 2017.", "music    entity is composed of a violin, two guitars, a bass guitar, drums and clear, guttural vocals. His influences range, for metal, from death to black through thrash and melodic; as well as classical music, jazz, avant-garde and flamenco.", "music    entity is the second single by French singer Aliz\u00e9e. Released in December 2000, it featured the song \"L'aliz\u00e9\" as well as an instrumental version of it. Later two limited editions followed, which featured four remixes. The song became a hit particularly in France where it reached number-one for two weeks .", "music    entity is a song by Aliz\u00e9e, written by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer and composed by Laurent Boutonnat, released in 2000. It is the singer's second single from her album Gourmandises. It is also its first number 1 in France where it has sold more than 700,000 copies. The title also enjoyed great success abroad.", "city    entity is a city in the Southeast Region of Brazil. Listed by the GaWC as an alpha global city, the municipality of entity is the most populous city proper in Brazil, the Americas, the Western Hemisphere and the Southern Hemisphere, as well as the world's 4th largest city proper by population. Additionally, entity is the largest Portuguese-speaking city in the world. The city serves the capital of the surrounding state of entity, the most populous and wealthiest state in Brazil. It exerts strong international influences in commerce, finance, arts and entertainment. The city's name honors the Apostle, Saint Paul of Tarsus. The city's metropolitan area, the Greater entity, ranks as the most populous i", "city    entity is a city in southeastern Brazil. With its eleven million inhabitants in 2014, it is the largest city in the country and the second in Latin America. It is also the city with the most Portuguese speakers in the world. The metropolitan region of S\u00e3o Paulo is the third most populated in the Americas, behind those of Mexico City and New York, and the fifth in the world.", "city    entity is a town in the district of Gie\u00dfen, in Hesse, Germany. It is situated 12 km southeast of Gie\u00dfen. entity has a population of around 13,000.", "city    entity is a German municipality located in the district of Giessen and in the state of Hesse. The town of entity is twinned with Dieulefit.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Loire department in central France. The North American explorer Daniel Greysolon, Sieur du Lhut was born in entity.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Loire department in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "sports team    entity is a professional association football club based in Birkenhead, Merseyside, England. The team compete in EFL League Two, the fourth tier of the English football league system. Founded in 1884 as Belmont Football Club, they adopted their current name in 1885. Tranmere's regular kit is an all-white strip with blue, or occasionally blue and green trim, their main colours since 1962. The club moved to its current home, Prenton Park, in 1912. In 1995, the ground had a major redevelopment in response to the Taylor Report. It now seats 16,567 in four stands: the Main Stand, the Kop, the Johnny King Stand and the Cowshed.", "sports team    entity is an English football club founded in 1884. The club, based in Birkenhead, has played since the 2014\u201315 season in Football League Two.", "music    entity is the largest and lowest-pitched bowed string instrument in the modern symphony orchestra . Similar in structure to the cello, it has four, although occasionally five, strings. The instrument's exact lineage is still a matter of some debate, with scholars divided on whether the bass is derived from the viol or the violin family.", "music    entity is a low-pitched instrument of the stringed instrument family. It can be played by rubbing the strings with the bow or by plucking them with the fingers. entity is widely used in classical music in symphony orchestras, and in contemporary music. In jazz, it is part of the rhythm section.", "music    entity was an American singer and pianist who performed New Orleans blues. He was active in two distinct periods, first in the heyday of early rhythm and blues and later in the resurgence of interest in traditional jazz after the founding of the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in 1970. His piano style has been described as \"instantly recognizable, combining rumba, mambo, and calypso\".", "music    entity was a legendary blues musician from New Orleans. He has a unique piano style, which has been described as a combination of rumba, mambo and calypso as well as a voice from beyond the grave.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 12 June 2011 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was the seventh race of the 2011 Formula One World Championship and the 48th Canadian Grand Prix. McLaren driver Jenson Button won the 70-lap race starting from seventh position. Sebastian Vettel, who started from pole position, finished second in a Red Bull Racing with teammate Mark Webber finishing third. The Grand Prix holds the record of the longest race duration, at four hours, four minutes, including a red flag period.", "competition    entity is the 846th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950, the seventh round of the 2011 championship and the forty-and- first edition of the event counting for the world championship. The race was marked by extreme weather conditions which led to its interruption for more than two hours, as well as six interventions by the safety car.", "singer    entity was an influential Iranian poet and film director. She was a controversial modernist poet and an iconoclast, writing from a female point of view.", "singer    entity is one of the major contemporary poetesses in Iran.", "language    entity is a general-purpose programming language created by Bjarne Stroustrup as an extension of the C programming language, or \"C with Classes\". The language has expanded significantly over time, and modern entity now has object-oriented, generic, and functional features in addition to facilities for low-level memory manipulation. It is almost always implemented as a compiled language, and many vendors provide entity compilers, including the Free Software Foundation, LLVM, Microsoft, Intel, Oracle, and IBM, so it is available on many platforms.", "language    entity is a compiled programming language, allowing programming under multiple paradigms such as procedural programming, object-oriented programming and generic programming. The entity language does not belong to anyone and therefore anyone can use it without the need for authorization or the obligation to pay for the right to use it.", "music    entity is a house song performed by French DJ David Guetta, featuring vocals from singer Chris Willis and rapper Mon\u00e9. The track was released as the lead single from Guetta's second studio album, Guetta Blaster on 9 April 2004. The single was not released in the United Kingdom. A music video for the track exists, but it does not feature Guetta, Willis or Mone. It features a tutorial on printing fake money. The single achieved its best success on the Belgian Singles Chart, peaking at number 12 there. it also has parts of rock guitar", "music    entity is a song by French DJ David Guetta in collaboration with American singer Chris Willis. First song taken from the album Guetta Blaster, in France the title was released as a CD Single on May 24, 2004. This song is the soundtrack to the film People Jet Set 2 with Jos\u00e9 Garcia.", "war    entity is a 1941 British war drama film. It was the third film made by the British filmmaking team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger. It was released in the United States as The Invaders. The British Ministry of Information approached Michael Powell to make a propaganda film for them, suggesting he make \"a film about mine-sweeping\". Instead, Powell decided to make a film to help sway opinion in the then-neutral United States. Said Powell, \"I hoped it might scare the pants off the Americans\" and thus bring them into the war. Screenwriter Emeric Pressburger remarked, \"Goebbels considered himself an expert on propaganda, but I thought I'd show him a thing or two\". Powell persuaded the British and Canadian governments and started location filming in 1940, but by the time the film", "war    entity is a British film directed by Michael Powell, released in 1941.", "war    entity is a 1984 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Sammo Hung, written by Barry Wong, and starring Hung, Jackie Chan and Yuen Biao. It was released as 5 Lucky Stars in Japan and as Ninja Encounter in the Philippines. entity is the second film in the Lucky Stars series, and a semi-sequel to Winners and Sinners, with many of the same actors returning as the \"Five Lucky Stars\" troupe, albeit with different character names and slightly different roles.", "war    entity is a 1985 Hong Kong film directed by Sammo Hung.", "video game    entity is a handheld game console produced by Nintendo, released globally across 2004 and 2005. The DS, an initialism for \"Developers' System\" or \"Dual Screen\", introduced distinctive new features to handheld games: two LCD screens working in tandem , a built-in microphone and support for wireless connectivity. Both screens are encompassed within a clamshell design similar to the Game Boy Advance SP. entity also features the ability for multiple DS consoles to directly interact with each other over Wi-Fi within a short range without the need to connect to an existing wireless network. Alternatively, they could interact online using the now-defunct Nintendo Wi-Fi Connection service. Its main competitor was Sony's PlayStation Portable dur", "video game    entity is a portable console created by Nintendo, released in late 2004 in Japan and North America and in 2005 in Europe.", "city    entity is a town in the district of Oberwart in the Austrian state of Burgenland.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of Oberwart in Burgenland, Austria.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region of south-eastern France. The inhabitants of the commune are known as entitysois or entitysoises.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are called entitysois.", "music    entity is the tenth studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released in 1997. The album is entirely piano-based, alternately somber and romantic in mood, making it a marked departure from the bulk of the band's post-punk catalogue up to that point. entity remains one of the most critically acclaimed releases of Nick Cave's career.", "music    entity is the tenth studio album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released in 1997. It remains Nick Cave's most critically acclaimed album to this day. It is often compared to the album produced by Bob Dylan following his third divorce, Blood on the Tracks, considered a classic. This album is dark and minimalist in tone throughout.", "city    entity is a town and municipality located in the \u0160umadija District of central Serbia. It was the place where Kara\u0111or\u0111e, a Serbian revolutionary, was chosen as the leader of the First Serbian Uprising against the Ottoman Empire in 1804. The local St. George Church is the burial place of the Ducal and Royal Family of Serbia and Yugoslavia . The name entity means poplar. entity is famous for its yearly festival, attended by several thousand visitors each year.", "city    entity is a town and municipality in Serbia located in the district of \u0160umadija. At the 2011 census, the city had 4,573 inhabitants and the municipality of which it is the center 22,207. The name of entity means \"poplar\".", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by American rapper Jay-Z. It was released on November 12, 2002, by Roc-A-Fella Records and Island Def Jam Music Group. The album serves as a sequel to his sixth album The Blueprint . Parts of the album were later reissued for his album, titled Blueprint 2.1 . The album debuted at number one, shipping with first-week sales of 545,000 units. The album is certified 3x Multi-Platinum by the RIAA.", "music    entity is the 7th studio album by New Yorker Jay-Z. It is a double album that has 25 tracks. Due to critical reviews and little commercial success, a condensed version, Blueprint 2.1, was released in April 2003. The album eventually sold 2 million copies in the United States. United States and was certified double platinum by the RIAA.The Blueprint2 is the sequel to the hit album The Blueprint.", "movie    entity is a French film director and screenwriter. To date, he has directed ten feature films, all of which border somewhere between realistic drama and the avant-garde. His films have won several awards at the Cannes Film Festival. Two of Dumont's films have won the Grand Prix award: both L'Humanit\u00e9 and Flandres . Dumont's Hadewijch won the 2009 Prize of the International Critics for Special Presentation at the Toronto Film Festival.", "movie    entity is a French director and screenwriter. Bruno Dumont has made around forty commissioned films since 1986. In 1993, he signed his first short film: Paris, then the following year, he wrote for television four parts of the documentary series Arthur and the rockets, as well as a short film scenario, Marie and Freddy.", "body of water    entity is a trans-boundary river of Asia which flows through India and Bangladesh. The 2,525 km river rises in the western Himalayas in the Indian state of Uttarakhand. It flows south and east through the Gangetic plain of North India, where it receives the right-bank tributary, the Yamuna and several left-bank tributaries from Nepal that account for the bulk of its flow. A feeder canal built in the West Bengal state of India diverts 50% of its flow southward, artificially connecting it to the Hooghly river which rises in the village of Giria, India. The Ganges continues into Bangladesh, its name changing to the Padma. It is then joined by the Jamuna, the lower stream of the B", "body of water    entity is an important river in North India. Its basin covers 907,000 km2 and its delta is common with that of the Brahmaputra. entity is one of the seven sacred rivers of India.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin from their 1975 sixth album Physical Graffiti. The name of the song was used as the title of the band's fifth album, although it was not included on that album; they decided the song did not fit well with the other album material, so it was moved to the subsequent release.", "music    entity is the fourth song from Physical Graffiti, the sixth album by English band Led Zeppelin released in 1975. The title is a song with a very strong bass line combined with a very distinctive Jimmy Page riff. To do the guitar intro and fade-out, Jimmy Page used a digital Delta T for the delay effects.", "video game    entity is the industry involved in the development, marketing, and monetization of video games. It encompasses dozens of job disciplines and its component parts employ thousands of people worldwide. entity has grown from focused markets to mainstream in the recent years. As of 2018, July, video games generated sales of US$134.9 billion annually worldwide. In the US, it took in about US$ 9.5 billion in 2007, 11.7 billion in 2008, and 25.1 billion in 2010, according to the ESA annual report.", "video game    entity is the sector of economic activity for the design, production and marketing of video games. This industry has created a dozen disciplines in this field as well as a good number of jobs: for example, in the United States, video games are directly responsible for 32,000 jobs in 2010.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at East London on 29 December 1962. It was the ninth and final race in both the 1962 World Championship of Drivers and the 1962 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The 82-lap race was won by Graham Hill driving a BRM, the Englishman taking his first Drivers' Championship in the process, with New Zealander Bruce McLaren and local driver Tony Maggs second and third respectively in works Cooper-Climaxes.", "competition    Results of the 1962 Formula 1 South African Grand Prix held at the Prince George Circuit on 29 December 1962.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Is\u00e8re department in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region of southeastern France. The inhabitants of the commune are known as entityins or entityines or alternatively as entityais or entityaises The commune has been awarded two flowers by the National Council of Towns and Villages in Bloom in the Competition of Cities and Villages in Bloom.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Is\u00e8re in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. Its inhabitants are called \"entityins\".", "music    entity is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber featuring American artist Usher. The song served as the second single from Bieber's first studio album My World 2.0. It was written by Heather Bright and The Stereotypes, and produced by the latter. The song was originally recorded as a demo by Usher, who was Bieber's mentor, for his sixth studio album, Raymond v. Raymond . After things went stale with Usher's label, The Stereotypes were encouraged to give the song to Bieber, who recorded it, with Usher performing background vocals. The song is an upbeat pop song, which also derives from R&B genre, while making use of Eurodisco influences. It impacted US mainstream and rhythmic radio on April 20, 2010. The remix of the song featuring Usher was featured on Bieber's first co", "music    entity is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber. The second single from the My World 2.0 album, the song was written by Justin Bieber, Heather Bright, The Stereotypes and produced by The Stereotypes.", "actor    entity was an Irish set decorator and art director. She won an Academy Award and was nominated two more times in the category Best Art Direction. She also won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Individual Achievement in Art Direction for a Miniseries or a Special for her work as set dresser on the miniseries Scarlett . MacAvin's Oscar and Emmy statuettes are both on permanent display at the Irish Film Institute, Dublin.", "actor    entity is an Irish decorator and artistic director born in 1919 in Ireland and died on January 26, 2005 in Monkstown.", "actor    entity was an English actor. Beginning his career on the British stage as a standout member of the Royal Shakespeare Company, he later transitioned into a successful and prolific screen career portraying a variety of both supporting and leading characters, earning critical acclaim and many accolades in the process.", "actor    entity is a British stage and film actor, born September 12, 1931 in Goodmayes .", "actor    entity is an Azerbaijani human rights activist who serves as the director of Institute of Peace and Democracy, a human rights organisation. She is particularly known for her work helping citizens affected by forced evictions in Baku, on whose behalf she organized several small protests. In July 2014, the Azerbaijani authorities jailed Yunus under allegations of fraud and tax evasion, which are charges widely regarded as dubious. After being sentenced to 8.5 years in jail on 13 August 2015, Leyla Yunus was released on grounds of her deteriorating health on 9 December 2015, with a court converting her sentence into a suspended one.", "actor    entity is a human rights activist in Azerbaijan. She is the director of the Institute of Peace and Democracy, and is particularly known for her work on behalf of citizens affected by forced evictions in Baku. In August 2015, Leyla Yunus was sentenced to eight and a half years in prison \u2013 officially for fraud, tax evasion and illegal trade \u2013 by numerous Western media and organizations", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Ludacris; it was released on November 27, 2001, by Disturbing tha Peace and Def Jam South. It contains the singles, \"Rollout \", \"Area Codes\", \"Move Bitch\", and \"Saturday \".", "music    entity is the third studio album by American rapper Ludacris, released on November 27, 2001 by Def Jam. The album ranked #1 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #3 on the Billboard 200.", "government    entity is a social-democratic political party in Gibraltar. The GSLP is the oldest surviving active political party in Gibraltar. Its roots are based in the trade union movement, as its founder and former leader Joe Bossano was the District Officer of the Transport and General Workers Union . The party has been led since 2011 by Fabian Picardo, who as served as Chief Minister of Gibraltar since the 2011 general election. The GSLP forms the GSLP\u2013Liberal Alliance in partnership with the Liberal Party of Gibraltar.", "government    entity is a political party in Gibraltar. The GSLP is the oldest active party in Gibraltar, its formation being in the trade union movement. The party is socialist and also largely democratic: promises of increased public spending and better pensions.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Gostynin, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina. The gmina covers an area of 270.69 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 12,245. The gmina contains part of the protected area called Gostynin-W\u0142oc\u0142awek Landscape Park.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in entity County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its administrative seat is the town of entity, although it is not part of the territory of the gmina, which lies 107 kilometers west of Warsaw, the capital of Poland. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b270.69 km2 for a population of 12,245 inhabitants in 2007.", "actor    entity is best known for his technically detailed espionage and military-science storylines set during and after the Cold War. Seventeen of his novels have been bestsellers and more than 100 million copies of his books have been sold. His name was also used on movie scripts written by ghostwriters, nonfiction books on military subjects occasionally with co-authors, and video games. He was a part-owner of his hometown Major League Baseball team, the Baltimore Orioles of the American League, and vice-chairman of their community activities and public affairs committees.", "actor    entity is an American novelist. His spy novels, of the techno-thriller or political thriller genre , are technologically very documented, and revolve around the American intelligence community, more precisely the CIA against the backdrop of the Cold War or terrorism. It experienced a resurgence in popularity after the attacks of September 11, 2001, not only for its", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on October 3, 1965, at the Watkins Glen Grand Prix Race Course in Watkins Glen, New York. It was race 9 of 10 in both the 1965 World Championship of Drivers and the 1965 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The 110-lap race was won by BRM driver Graham Hill after he started from pole position. Dan Gurney finished second for the Brabham team and his teammate Jack Brabham came in third.", "competition    Results of the 1965 Formula 1 United States Automobile Grand Prix held at the Watkins Glen circuit on October 3, 1965.", "singer    entity was a British-American singer-songwriter, composer and record producer who resided in England. Walker was known for his emotive baritone voice and his unorthodox stylistic path which took him from being a sophisticated teen pop icon in the 1960s to becoming an avant-garde musician in the 21st century. Walker's success was largely in the United Kingdom, where his first four solo albums reached the top ten. He lived in the UK from 1965 onward and became a UK citizen in 1970.", "singer    entity is an American singer and songwriter who lives in England. He got his start in 1960s London as part of the fake brother trio The Walker Brothers.", "singer    entity is a Moldovan\u2013born Azerbaijani-Romanian weightlifter competing in the \u201353 kg division. She is banned by the International Weightlifting Federation until 2026 for Blood substitution.", "singer    entity is a Moldovan weightlifter . At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London she won the bronze medal in the under 53 kg category. Also in 2012 she became European champion in the same category.", "video game    entity is a side-scrolling skateboarding video game developed and published by Roll7. It was released for PlayStation Vita on 21 January 2014 in North America, and on 22 January 2014 in Europe. The game received a port for Microsoft Windows, OS X and Linux, developed by General Arcade and published by Devolver Digital, a port for PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4, developed by BlitWorks and again published by Roll7, a port for Xbox One, Wii U, and Nintendo 3DS, developed by Carbon and published by Curve Digital, and a port for Android, developed by BlitWorks and published by Devolver Digital. A collection of both games released for Nintendo Switch on February 14th, 2019, titled entity: Switch Stance.", "video game    entity is a side-scrolling skateboard video game developed by the English studio Roll7. It was released on January 21, 2014 in North America and January 22, 2014 in Europe.", "competition    entity was an American Major League Baseball pitcher and manager during the first two decades of the 20th century . Due to a farm-machinery accident in his youth , Brown lost parts of two fingers on his right hand, and in the process gained a colorful nickname. He turned this handicap into an advantage by learning how to grip a baseball in a way that resulted in an exceptional curveball , which broke radically before reaching the plate. With this technique he became one of the elite pitchers of his era.", "competition    entity was an American major league baseball pitcher for 14 seasons between 1903 and 1916. During his youth, he was seriously injured in an accident on his farm and lost two parts of his fingers at the right hand. Despite this, he played in the major leagues for 14 seasons, including 10 seasons with the Chicago Cubs.", "music    entity is a Canadian indie rock band, a musical collective including as few as six and as many as nineteen members, formed by Kevin Drew and Brendan Canning. Most of its members play in various other groups and solo projects, mainly in the city of Toronto. These associated acts include Metric, Feist, Stars, Apostle of Hustle, Do Make Say Think, KC Accidental, Emily Haines & The Soft Skeleton, Amy Millan, and Jason Collett.", "music    entity is an indie rock band from Toronto. Formed in 1999 by its leaders Brendan Canning and Kevin Drew, this collective has many members and guests from other groups, guests often joining entity in concert.", "singer    entity is an American pianist, record producer, songwriter and musical arranger with a career that bridges musical and artistic genres. To date, Glasper has won four Grammy Awards and received nine nominations across eight categories. He also won the 2017 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics for his song featured in Ava DuVernay\u2019s critically hailed documentary, 13th, with Common and Karriem Riggins.", "singer    entity is a jazz pianist.", "actor    entity was an English physician and bacteriologist.", "actor    entity is an English doctor and bacteriologist, born in 1883 and died in 1967, best known for having inaugurated the treatment of puerperal fever with prontosil and for having been one of the pioneers of antisepsis and asepsis.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Podlaskie Voivodeship, north-eastern Poland. It came into being on 1 January 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Bielsk Podlaski, which lies 39 kilometres south of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok. The only other town in the county is Bra\u0144sk, lying 25 km west of Bielsk Podlaski.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Podlaskie Voivodeship in northeastern Poland.", "singer    entity is often referred to by the honorific nicknames \"Godfather of Soul\", \"Mr. Dynamite\", and \"Soul Brother No. 1\". In a career that lasted over 50 years, he influenced the development of several music genres. Brown was one of the first ten inductees into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame at its inaugural induction in New York on January 23, 1986.", "singer    entity is frequently nicknamed The Godfather of Soul. Throughout a career that spanned six decades, Brown is one of the most influential figures in 20th century popular music and is renowned for his stage performances.", "city    entity is a town in the district of Oberpullendorf in the Austrian state of Burgenland.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of Oberpullendorf in Burgenland, Austria.", "sportsman    entity is a former Burkinab\u00e9 footballer.", "sportsman    entity is a Burkinabe international footballer. He played as a striker.", "singer    entity is a Lebanese-born British singer-songwriter. After recording his first extended play, Dodgy Holiday, Mika was named the number-one predicted breakthrough act of 2007 in an annual BBC poll of music critics, Sound of 2007. Mika released his first full-length studio album, Life in Cartoon Motion, on Island Records in 2007, which sold more than 5.6 million copies worldwide and helped Mika win a Brit Award\u2014winning Best British Breakthrough act\u2014and receive a Grammy Award nomination. He topped the UK Singles Chart in January 2007 with \"Grace Kelly\". He has since gone on to record four more studio albums , as wel", "singer    entity is a British-Lebanese pop singer and songwriter, former resident of Paris, and current resident of London. He signs a contract with Casablanca Records and Universal Music. His first album Life in Cartoon Motion is certified diamond disc in France with more than 1,200,000 copies sold and is, in France, the most sold in 2007.", "war    entity is a 1985 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Sammo Hung, written by Barry Wong, and starring Hung, Jackie Chan and Yuen Biao. It is the third installment in the Lucky Stars series, following Winners and Sinners and My Lucky Stars . entity was released on 15 August 1985 in Hong Kong.", "war    entity is a 1985 Hong Kong film directed by Sammo Hung.", "sportsman    entity is a Swiss football manager and a former player who is head coach of FC Aarau in the Swiss Challenge League.", "sportsman    entity is a Swiss footballer born on May 31, 1979 in Zurich.", "war    entity was a military campaign fought between 7 August 1942 and 9 February 1943 on and around the island of Guadalcanal in the Pacific theater of World War II. It was the first major land offensive by Allied forces against the Empire of Japan.", "war    entity was a major battle of World War II in the Pacific Ocean theater of operations that took place in the Pacific Ocean. took place between August 7, 1942 and February 9, 1943 on and around the island of Guadalcanal, as part of the Solomon Islands campaign. This was the first major offensive of the Allied forces against the Empire of Japan.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of Lindau in Bavaria in Germany.", "city    entity is a municipality in Bavaria, located in the district of Lindau, in the district of Swabia.Portal of Bavaria Portal of Bavaria", "singer    entity is an American record producer and musician. Best known for producing records for Kyuss and Queens of the Stone Age, he is regarded as an important figure in the development of stoner rock and desert rock genres. Goss is also the lead singer and guitarist of the hard rock band Masters of Reality.", "singer    entity is an American record producer and musician.", "music    entity are a Scottish synth-pop trio from Glasgow, formed in September 2011. The band consists of Lauren Mayberry, Iain Cook, Martin Doherty and, unofficially since 2018, Jonny Scott. Mostly deriving from the synth-pop genre, entity also incorporate indietronica, indie pop, and electronic dance into their sound.", "music    entity are a Scottish electropop band formed in 2011.", "airport    entity is a Luxembourgian flag carrier cargo airline with its headquarters and hub at Luxembourg Airport. With a global network, it is one of the largest scheduled all-cargo airlines in Europe. Charter flights and third party maintenance are also operated. Cargolux has 85 offices in over 50 countries as of 2018, and operates a global trucking network to more than 250 destinations.", "airport    entity is a cargo airline based in Luxembourg. Founded in 1970, it is now one of the largest exclusively cargo companies in Europe and also provides charter flights and maintenance services. Its main hub is Luxembourg-Findel airport. It was the first company to operate the new Boeing 747-8, in its Cargo version.", "music    entity is a song by English singer Lily Allen from her debut studio album, Alright, Still . Written by Allen and Mark Ronson, the song was released as the third single of the album on 11 December 2006 by Regal Recordings. It incorporates a piano sample from Pierre Bachelet and Herv\u8305 Roy's music from the softcore pornography film Emmanuelle, for which they were credited as co-writers, as the lyrics tackle the singer dealing with the departure of her boyfriend, while reminiscing about their time together. The song was created in a New York studio, after Allen had met Ronson, who was impressed by her previous work and offered her different samples.", "music    entity is a song by British artist Lily Allen from her debut album Alright, Still. Written by Allen, Mark Ronson and Santi White, the song was released as the third single on December 11, 2006 through Regal Recordings.", "singer    entity is an Italian gothic metal band from Milan. Since their formation in 1994, the group has had two name changes, being previously known as Sleep of Right and Ethereal, and they have recorded nine studio albums, two extended plays, two live albums, two compilation albums, one video album, and sixteen singles and music videos.", "singer    entity is an Italian metal band founded in Milan in 1994. They were first known as Sleep of Right and then Ethereal.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, taken from her fourth studio album, Red . It was released for digital download and to U.S. pop radio as the lead single from Red on August 13, 2012, by Big Machine Records. Swift wrote and produced the song with Max Martin and Shellback. An upbeat dance-pop and pop rock song, entity contains pulsing synthesizers, processed guitar riffs, bass drums, and a spoken-word bridge. Its lyrics express Swift's frustration with an ex-lover who wants to rekindle their relationship. An alternate version was released to U.S. country radio on August 21, 2012.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Taylor Swift from her fourth studio album Red. She was released as a single on August 14, 2012 under the Big Machine Records label. The song finished number 1 on iTunes in 32 countries.", "music    entity is a song by American singer\u2013songwriter Alicia Keys. A soul and contemporary R&B ballad, it was written by Keys and Erika Rose and produced by Keys for her debut album, Songs in A Minor . The song was released as the album's second single in October 2001 following the worldwide success of her debut single earlier in the year.", "music    entity is the second single from American artist Alicia Keys' debut studio album. Produced by the latter, the title is the fruit of her collaboration with her friend Erika Rose. The single enjoyed much the same success as Fallin', particularly in the United States and New Zealand.", "music    entity is a blues song written by American musician Robert Johnson. He sings of unrequited love, using a departing train as a metaphor for his loss. Johnson's performance \u2013 vocal accompanied by his finger-style acoustic guitar playing \u2013 has been described as \"devastatingly bleak\". He recorded the song in 1937 during his last recording session and in 1939 it was issued as the last of his original 78 rpm records.", "music    entity is a blues song written and composed by Robert Johnson and released in 1937. It was notably covered by the Rolling Stones on the album Let It Bleed and by Eric Clapton on the album Me and Mr. Johnson. In 2011, she was inducted into the Blues Foundation's Blues Hall of Fame.", "war    entity was fought from 16 to 19 October 1813 at Leipzig, Saxony. The Coalition armies of Austria, Prussia, Sweden, and Russia, led by Tsar Alexander I and Karl von Schwarzenberg, decisively defeated the Grande Arm\u00e9e of French Emperor Napoleon I. Napoleon's army also contained Polish and Italian troops, as well as Germans from the Confederation of the Rhine . The battle was the culmination of the German Campaign of 1813 and involved 560,000 soldiers, 2,200 artillery pieces, the expendit", "war    entity was one of the most important fought during the Napoleonic Wars.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Lot-et-Garonne department.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France. It forms part of the Mulhouse Alsace Agglom\u00e9ration, the inter-communal local government body for the Mulhouse conurbation.", "airport    entity is a commune in the district of Mulhouse, located in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace region. It has been part of Mulhouse Alsace Agglomeration since January 1, 2010. Its inhabitants are called entityois and entityoises. They are traditionally given the nickname \"Ant\" or \"Omeise\", because of the hard work that farmers once had to provide to exploit their stony soils.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher in the Center region.", "music    entity is a song by Swedish eurodance musician Basshunter and the Swedish edition of the reality television series Big Brother. The song has peaked at number 5 on the Sverigetopplistan, the Swedish Singles Chart.", "music    entity is a song by Swedish artist Basshunter. It is produced by Warner Music Sweden.", "music    entity is an album released by Italian singer/songwriter Fabrizio De Andr\u8305. It is a compilation of tracks from his first singles and from two of his LPs: Tutto Fabrizio De Andr\u8305 and Volume 1.", "music    entity is the fifth album by Italian singer Fabrizio De Andr\u00e9, released in 1969 by the Roman Record Company. This is a compilation of many titles released on 45 rpm in the 1960s.", "music    entity is an album by John Zorn. The album was released on Zorn's own label Tzadik Records in August 2012. It was dedicated to French poet Arthur entity.", "music    entity is an album by John Zorn released by Tzadik in 2012 as a tribute to Arthur entity. It includes four pieces with distinct style and personnel: chamber music for Bateau ivre, electronic music for A Season in Hell, a piece written for piano with improvised accompaniment for Illumination, and a piece using the sheet composition technique with John Zorn and Mathieu Amalric reciting texts from L'Album Zutique for Conneries.", "music    entity is a Miles Davis compilation album released in March 1957 by Prestige Records. The album compiles material previously released on two 10 inch LPs in 1954 and replacing it with the previously unreleased \"Love Me or Leave Me\" recorded at the same session. Here credited to the \"Miles Davis All-Stars\", the songs were recorded on 3 April and 29 April 1954 by two slightly different groups led by Davis. Both sessions were recorded at Rudy Van Gelder's home studio.", "music    entity is a hard bop jazz album by the Miles Davis All Stars released in 1957 on the Prestige Records label.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Black Label Society. It contains a mix of heavy and lighter tracks. The second track, \"Doomsday Jesus\", was featured on the soundtrack to the video game MTX Mototrax, but with altered lyrics. The third track, \"Stillborn\", is featured on the soundtrack of the game Guitar Hero: World Tour. Frontman Zakk Wylde was also a playable celebrity rockstar in that same game.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Black Label Society. It consists of a mixture of heavy metal and softer songs. Additionally, it features a duet with Ozzy Osbourne on the song \"Stillborn\".", "movie    entity is a 1958 Bengali film by director Ritwik Ghatak. It stars Parambhattarak Lahiri, Kali Bannerjee, Nripati Chatterjee, Padma Devi, and Gyanesh Mukherjee. This film was directed by alternative Indian filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak in Kolkata in 1958. The plot is about a misbehaving boy who runs away from his village and goes to Calcutta.", "movie    entity is an Indian film directed by Ritwik Ghatak, released in 1958.", "music    entity was originally a 1964 hit single for Motown soul singer Brenda Holloway, written by Ed Cobb.", "music    entity is the second and final single from American singer Alicia Keys' debut live album. The song was written by Ed Cobb for soul singer Brenda Holloway in 1964. The single, despite the support of the music video, did not have the same success as the original and is the only track to be released. 'Alicia not to enter the American charts as well as the other international charts.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Moscow, Russia. They played in the Tarasov Division of the Kontinental Hockey League during the 2013\u201314 season. However, the team did not participate in the KHL league for the 2014\u201315 season because of financial issues, but rejoined the league prior to the 2015\u201316 season as members of the Bobrov Division.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Russia. The club is a branch of Spartak Moscow sports teams.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American singer John Legend, released by GOOD Music, Sony Urban Music and Columbia Records on October 24, 2006. Legend co-wrote and co-produced the bulk of the album, working with collaborators such as Kanye West, will.i.am, Raphael Saadiq, Craig Street, Sa-Ra, Eric Hudson, Devo Springsteen, Dave Tozer and Avenue.", "music    entity is an album by John Legend, released in 2006, on the GOOD Music label.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones, featured on their 1964 self-titled album . It became the first A-side single written by Jagger/Richards to be released, although not in the United Kingdom. The single reached number 24 in the US and the top 40 in several other countries.", "music    entity is a Rolling Stones song released in April 1964 on the band's debut album, simply titled The Rolling Stones. In June of the same year, this ballad was published in 45 rpm in the United States and ranked 24th there.", "music    entity is a song by R.E.M. released as the fourth and final single from their tenth studio album New Adventures in Hi-Fi in 1997. It was released in Germany and Japan was the final R.E.M. single and music video to feature Bill Berry until \"#9 Dream\" in 2007.", "music    entity is a song by alternative rock band REM, released as the fourth and final single from their tenth studio album New Adventures in Hi-Fi in April 1997 in Germany and Japan. The single marks Bill Berry's last appearance in a music video for the band.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by the Canadian rock band Nickelback, released on November 17, 2008 in Europe and the next day elsewhere. It is the follow-up to their multi-platinum selling All the Right Reasons . It was co-produced by the band and producer and songwriter Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange, known for working with such acts as Foreigner, AC/DC, Bryan Adams, Def Leppard and Shania Twain. entity sold 326,000 in its first week and debuted at number 2 in the US. More than a year after its release, the album did not leave the Top 100 on the Billboard 200. In its 91st week, the album peaked at number 46 for the week of August 28, 2010. From 9 October, the album stayed at number 71 for 97 consecutive weeks The album spent 125 consecutive weeks inside the Billboard 200. On the", "music    entity is the 6th album by Canadian band Nickelback, which was released on November 18, 2008. The album was recorded from March to August, in co-production with the band and Mutt Lange. The first single from this album is Gotta Be Somebody released on September 29, 2008 as a free download for 24 hours, then on October 13 as a paid download on iTunes. The album was awarded Album of the Year at the Juno Awards on March 29, 2009.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played in the NHL. He is currently the color analyst on WGN-AM broadcasts of Chicago Blackhawks hockey games. Murray was born in Calgary, Alberta.", "sports team    entity is a retired professional ice hockey player who played at center.", "competition    entity is a former professional boxer from Northern Ireland who competed from 1993 to 2008. He held the WBC bantamweight title from 1995 to 1997, and challenged six times for world titles at super-bantamweight and featherweight. As an amateur, McCullough represented Ireland at the 1992 Summer Olympics, winning a bantamweight silver medal. He also won flyweight gold at the 1990 Commonwealth Games, representing Northern Ireland.", "competition    entity is an Irish boxer born July 7, 1970 in Belfast.", "mountain    entity is a peak in the Pennine Alps of Italy and Switzerland. It is located south of Dufourspitze in the Monte Rosa Massif. The mountain is named after Johann Jakob Friedrich Wilhelm Parrot, a German doctor, who made an attempt on the Piramide Vincent with Joseph Zumstein in 1816.", "mountain    entity is a peak in the Valais Alps massif, and precisely in Mount Rosa, at an altitude of 4,432 m, on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It takes its name from Johann Jakob Friedrich Wilhelm Parrot, a German physicist and physician.", "music    entity is a French record producer, DJ and remixer. He is the owner of the record label Yellow Productions.", "music    entity is Christophe Le Friant, born May 10, 1969 in France, is a French DJ originally affiliated with the French touch, and today more assimilated to disco house.", "video game    entity is a side-scrolling platform game developed by Toaplan and published in arcades worldwide by Taito in 1987. In entity, players assume the role of a child named Dover on a journey to rescue his kidnapped girlfriend Mia from the titular warlock. Initially released for the arcades, the title was later ported to other platforms by different third-party developers including the Famicom Disk System and Sega Genesis, with each one featuring several changes and additions compared to the original version. Conversions for both the Nintendo Entertainment System and PC Engine were also in development but never released.", "video game    entity is a video game developed and published by Taito. This is a platform game released in 1987 on arcade machine, Mega Drive and Famicom Disk System.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown, taken from his fifth studio album, Fortune . It was written by Brown, Alain Whyte, Alessandro Benassi, Brian Kennedy, Jean-Baptiste, Marco Benassi, Michael McHenry, Nick Marsh, Priscilla Hamilton, Ryan Buendia and William Orbit. The song was written in its entirety in one night to an instrumental created by producer Nick Marsh. From there, additional production was done by Marsh, Orbit, Whyte, and members of Free School. Further production was done by Benny and Alle Benassi in the songs final stages. Free School, Orbit and Kennedy, released digitally on May 18, 2012, as the fourth single from the album. entity is an EDM song that features heavy bass and a repetitive chorus. The lyrics of the song descr", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown released on May 18, 2012. The fourth single from his fifth studio album, Fortune, the song is produced by Benny & Alle Benassi, Free School, William Orbit and Brian \"BK\" Kennedy.", "city    entity is a town in the district of Oberwart in Burgenland in southeast Austria. According to the last census, 73% of the population are members of the Burgenland Croat minority, and 5% belong to the Hungarian minority.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of Oberwart in Burgenland, Austria.", "music    entity is a 1957 song by Fats Domino, written together with frequent collaborator Dave Bartholomew. The single was Domino's third release in a row to reach No. 1 on the R&B Best Sellers chart, where it stayed for six weeks. It also broadened the singer's crossover appeal, peaking at No. 4 on the pop singles chart. The prominent saxophone solo was played by Herbert Hardesty. Frank Fields was on bass and Earl Palmer was on drums.", "music    entity is a rhythm and blues song co-written by Fats Domino and Dave Bartholomew and recorded by Fats Domino in January 1957 at Cosimo Matassa 's studio in New Orleans. This is Fats Domino's 3rd single in a row to reach No. 1 on the R&B charts.", "competition    El Gran Premi del Canad\u00e0 de F\u00f3rmula 1 de la temporada 2014 s'ha disputat al Circuit Gilles Villeneuve de Mont-real, del 6 al 8 de juny del 2014.", "competition    entity is the 904th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950.", "music    entity is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift for her fourth studio album, Red . Swift co-produced the song with Nathan Chapman and Dann Huff. Initially released as a promotional single on September 25, 2012, by Big Machine Records, the song served as the second official single from Red on October 1, 2012. entity is a country song, with the lyrical content finding Swift falling in love again after a failed relationship.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Taylor Swift from her fourth studio album Red. She was released as a single on October 1, 2012 under Big Machine Records.", "actor    entity was an American film, television and stage actress. Trained as a dancer, Loy devoted herself fully to an acting career following a few minor roles in silent films. She was originally typecast in exotic roles, often as a vamp or a woman of Asian descent, but her career prospects improved greatly following her portrayal of Nora Charles in The Thin Man .", "actor    entity was an American actress, born Myrna Adele Williams on August 2, 1905 in Radersburg , died December 14, 1993 in New York. She was nicknamed \"the queen of Hollywood\" or even \"the ideal wife\" during the 1930s. She was at that time a female model. Men wanted to marry her and women to look like her. A few American actors harassed her in order to spend a night with her.", "city    entity is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.", "city    entity is a city in the west of the state of Santa Catarina in Brazil.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Monsanto on 23 August 1959. It was race 7 of 9 in the 1959 World Championship of Drivers and race 6 of 8 in the 1959 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. It was the eighth Portuguese Grand Prix and the second to be held for the Formula One World Drivers' Championship. It was the third time the race was held at Monsanto and the first for Formula One. The race was held over 62 laps of the five kilometre circuit for a total race distance of 337 kilometres.", "competition    entity was a Formula 1 race held on August 23, 1959 at the Monsanto Park Circuit in the suburbs of Lisbon.", "language    entity is considered to be one of the greatest philosophers of the modern era. In the words of a friend and literary executor, Georg Henrik von Wright, he believed that", "language    entity is an Austrian, then British philosopher, who made decisive contributions in logic, in the theory of the foundations of mathematics and in the philosophy of language.", "war    entity is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Marjorie Reynolds, Dennis O'Keefe and Gail Patrick. It is based on the 1919 play by Wilson Collison and Otto A. Harbach. The film's composer, Edward Paul, was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score in 1945. The film is a remake of a 1926 silent film of the same name, starring Marie Prevost.", "war    entity is a 1944 American film directed by Allan Dwan.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Nelly featuring fellow American rappers Paul Wall, Ali & Gipp, and uncredited vocals from American singer Brandi Williams. The song was written by Nelly, Jermaine Dupri, Paul Wall, Ali, Gipp and James Phillips; it contains samples of Destiny's Child's \"Soldier\", written by Beyonc\u00e9 Knowles, Kelendria Rowland, Tenitra Williams, Garrett Hamler, and Rich Harrison; it also contains samples of \"Left Me Lonely\" by MC Shan. Its production was handled by Dupri. Following its release, it topped the US Billboard Hot 100 and reached the top 20 in Australia, Ireland, and New Zealand.", "music    entity is the last single from the album Sweatsuit by rapper Nelly.", "actor    entity is an Australian-American Nobel laureate who is the former President of the Salk Institute for Biological Studies. Previously she was a biological researcher at the University of California, San Francisco, who studied the telomere, a structure at the end of chromosomes that protects the chromosome. In 1984, Blackburn co-discovered telomerase, the enzyme that replenishes the telomere, with Carol W. Greider. For this work, she was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, sharing it with Greider and Jack W. Szostak, becoming the first Australian woman Nobel laureate. She also worked in medical ethics, and was controversially dismissed from the Bush Administration's President's Council on Bioethics.", "actor    entity is an Australian-born American molecular biologist. A researcher at the University of California, San Francisco, her work focuses on studying the functions of telomeres, which are dynamic structures present at the end of chromosomes and play a protective role. She is co-discoverer of telomerase, the enzyme that regulates telomere length.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Beck, released on November 3, 1998 by DGC Records. Though less commercially successful than the preceding Odelay, it won a Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album.", "music    entity is a Beck album released in 1998. The singles are: Cold Brain, Nobody's Fault But My Own and Tropicalia. It's a rather calm and melodic disc with various references such as, for example, the Beatles or the bossa-nova on Tropicalia.", "music    entity is the third studio album by English indietronica band Hot Chip, released on 4 February 2008 through EMI internationally and Astralwerks and DFA Records in the United States. Comprising 13 tracks, a defining feature of the album is the strong presence of romantic ballads. The ballad \"entity\" was described as \"sublime\" by one critic, although not all the ballads received universal praise. Alexis Taylor, the main contributor to the lyrics, said he was proud of the album lyrically and felt that feelings of love and happiness, partly the result of his recent marriage, had contributed to the album's romantic tone.", "music    entity is the third studio album by Hot Chip, released in 2008.", "sports team    entity is a German professional sports club based in Dortmund, North Rhine-Westphalia. It is best known for its men's professional football team, which plays in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. The club have won eight league championships, five DFB-Pokals, one UEFA Champions League, one Intercontinental Cup, and one UEFA Cup Winners' Cup.", "sports team    entity is a German football club founded on December 19, 1909 and based in Dortmund. The acronym BVB means in German Ballspiel-Verein Borussia, literally ball game club of Prussia, Borussia being the Latin name of Prussia. The club evolves in 1.", "music    entity is an American rock band from Garden Grove, California, formed in 1984. Originally formed under the name Manic Subsidal, the band's lineup consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Bryan \"Dexter\" Holland, bassist Todd Morse and lead guitarist Kevin \"Noodles\" Wasserman. Over the course of their 37-year career, they have released ten studio albums and experienced multiple lineup changes, most noticeably with their drummers. Their longest-serving drummer was Ron Welty, who replaced original drummer James Lilja in 1987, and stayed with the band for 16 years; he was replaced by Atom Willard in 2003, and then four years later by former drummer Pete Parada. Gregory \"Greg K.\" Kriesel, one of the co-founders of the Offspring, was their bassist until 2018 when he parted ways due t", "music    entity is an American punk rock band formed in 1984 in Huntington Beach, California by Dexter Holland and Greg Kriesel. entity were considered by the press as embodying the revival of punk rock in the United States in the mid-1990s. They released eight albums, two compilations, four EPs, three DVDs and twenty singles.", "music    entity is a German band formed in D\u00fcsseldorf in 1969 by Ralf H\u00fctter and Florian Schneider. Widely considered innovators and pioneers of electronic music, entity was among the first successful acts to popularize the genre. The group began as part of West Germany's experimental krautrock scene in the early 1970s before fully embracing electronic instrumentation, including synthesizers, drum machines, and vocoders. Wolfgang Fl\u00fcr joined the band in 1974 and Karl Bartos in 1975, expanding the band to a quartet.", "music    entity is a German electronic music group that played a leading role in the development of this music.", "music    entity is the 32nd studio album by Canadian / American musician Neil Young, released on October 30, 2012. It is the second collaboration between Young and Crazy Horse released in 2012 and their first original work together since the Greendale album and tour in 2003 and 2004. The album was streamed on Young's website on October 24, 2012, and leaked onto the Internet the same day. A High Fidelity Pure Audio Blu-ray Disc version of the album, with 24-bit/192kHz resolution and two bonus tracks, was released November 19, 2012. A vinyl version is also available.", "music    entity is a double studio album recorded by Neil Young and Crazy Horse. It was released on October 29, 2012, just six months after the previous album Americana. It is the longest studio album recorded by Neil Young.", "actor    entity was an American director and actor. An inductee of the American Theater Hall of Fame, his acting career began with a Broadway debut in 1949. As a director, he was nominated for seven Tony Awards, winning three for his direction of I Love My Wife, Brighton Beach Memoirs and Biloxi Blues. He also directed a number of films during his career. He was married to Bea Arthur from 1950 until 1978, and subsequently to Keren Saks from 1980 to his death in 2015.", "actor    entity is an American actor and director born November 8, 1921 in New York, New York. He was married to comedienne Beatrice Arthur.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Ard\u00e8che department in southern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Ard\u00e8che in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "city    entity is a municipality located in the province of C\u00e1ceres, Extremadura, Spain.", "city    entity is a municipality in Spain, in the province of C\u00e1ceres, autonomous community of Extremadura.Portal of Extremadura Portal of Extremadura", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band The Police from their album Synchronicity . Written by Sting, the single was the biggest US and Canadian hit of 1983, topping the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart for eight weeks , and the Canadian RPM Chart for four weeks. Their fifth UK No. 1, it topped the UK Singles Chart for four weeks. The song also reached the Top 10 in numerous other countries.", "music    entity is a song by The Police from the 1983 album Synchronicity, written by Sting. It deals with the jealousy and possessiveness of a character wanting to control the life of his lost love. Its recording, as well as that of the album, was difficult for the band. It was one of the biggest hits of 1983, reaching No. 1 on the US and UK singles charts.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "music    entity is a song performed by hip hop artists Warren G and Nate Dogg. It was released in the spring of 1994 as the first single on the soundtrack to the film Above the Rim and later Warren G.'s debut album, Regulate...G Funk Era. It became an MTV staple and the song reached No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 8 on the R&B/Hip-Hop chart. It is considered the breakout single for both artists. The song also starts with a read introduction referencing dialogue from the film Young Guns. The music video featured scenes from Above the Rim, including an appearance by Tupac Shakur.", "music    entity is a song performed by Warren G featuring Nate Dogg. Released in the summer of 1994, this single appeared on the Above the Rim soundtrack and then on Warren's album G entity... G Funk Era. This is Warren G's first solo single. The song reached number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100. Samples of I Keep Forgettin' by Michael McDonald, Sign of the Times by Bob James and Let Me Ride by Dr.", "singer    entity is a former professional tennis player from Croatia who played for both Yugoslavia and Croatia. She upset Martina Hingis to win the women's singles title at the French Open in 1997. Majoli also won seven other singles titles and one doubles title during her career. She reached a career-high singles ranking of world No. 4 in February 1996.", "singer    entity is a Croatian tennis player, professional in the 1990s and until June 2004.", "city    entity is a port city on the Ligurian Sea on the western coast of Tuscany, Italy. It is the capital of the Province of entity, having a population of 158,493 residents in December 2017. It is traditionally known in English as Leghorn . entity is considered the most modern among all the Tuscan cities, and is the third most populous of Tuscany, after Florence and Prato.", "city    entity is a city in Italy, located in Tuscany, with approximately 160,000 inhabitants and a major ferry port to Corsica and Sardinia.", "actor    entity is a retired Chinese professional footballer who spent the majority of his playing career at Chinese Super League club Shandong Luneng.", "actor    entity is a Chinese footballer who plays as a midfielder with PSV Eindhoven. He is part of the Chinese national team.", "war    entity is a 2011 American science fiction Western action film directed by Jon Favreau and starring Daniel Craig, Harrison Ford, and Olivia Wilde. The film is based on the 2006 graphic novel of the same name created by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg. The plot revolves around an amnesiac outlaw , a wealthy cattleman , and a mysterious traveler who must ally to save a group of townspeople abducted by aliens. The screenplay was written by Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman, Damon Lindelof, Mark Fergus, and Hawk Ostby, based on a screen story by the latter two along with Steve Oedekerk. The film was produced by Brian Grazer, Ron Howard, Kurtzman, Orci, and Rosenberg, with Steven Spielberg and Favreau serving as executive producers.", "war    entity is an American science fiction western directed by Jon Favreau, released in 2011. This film is adapted from an eponymous graphic novel by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg.", "music    entity is a compilation album by MC Lyte. It was released on September 4, 2001, for Atlantic Records and Rhino Entertainment. The album featured songs from each of her studio albums except Seven & Seven.", "music    entity is a compilation album by MC Lyte, released on September 4, 2001.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Aut\u00f3dromo Hermanos Rodr\u00edguez in Mexico City on 22 March 1992. It was the second race of the 1992 FIA Formula One World Championship. The 69-lap race was won from pole position by British driver Nigel Mansell, driving a Williams-Renault. Italian teammate Riccardo Patrese finished second, with Michael Schumacher third in a Benetton-Ford, the first of an eventual 155 podiums for the German driver.", "competition    Results of the 1992 Formula 1 Mexican Grand Prix held at the Mexico City circuit on March 22.", "music    entity is the fourth English-language studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion, released on 11 March 1996 by Columbia/Epic Records. The follow-up to her commercially successful album The Colour of My Love and French-language D'eux , entity showed a further progression of Dion's music. Throughout the project she collaborated with Jim Steinman, who wrote and produced \"It's All Coming Back to Me Now\", among others. Several songs were produced by David Foster, including Diane Warren's \"Because You Loved Me\". In total, Dion worked on the album with fourteen producers and a variety of songwriters and musicians.", "music    entity is Celine Dion's sixteenth and fourth English album, released on March 8, 1996. It is one of the best-selling albums in history, with sales of over 32 million copies worldwide. world, including more than 10 million in the United States, earning him a diamond disc.", "music    entity is a rock song written by John Fogerty, formerly of Creedence Clearwater Revival. It made its debut on Fogerty's second solo album in 1975. It was also released as a single, spending six weeks in the US top 40, peaking at #27. Status Quo recorded their own, heavier arrangement of Fogerty's song for their 1977 album Rockin' All Over the World. In July 1985 Status Quo opened Live Aid at Wembley Stadium with entity.", "music    entity is the only single from English band Status Quo's tenth album, entity. It was released on September 30, 1977 on Vertigo Records.", "airport    entity is a commune in the C\u00f4te-d'Or department in eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of C\u00f4te-d'Or in the Burgundy region.", "army    entity is credited with four individual and one shared victories. He was killed when a German Messerschmitt Bf 109 aircraft shot down his Hawker Hurricane over southern England.", "army    entity is a Polish fighter pilot, ace of the Polish Armed Forces in World War II, holder of 5 homologated victories.", "movie    entity is a non-fictional motion-picture intended to \"document reality, primarily for the purposes of instruction, education, or maintaining a historical record\". Bill Nichols has characterised the documentary in terms of \"a filmmaking practice, a cinematic tradition, and mode of audience reception a practice without clear boundaries\".", "movie    entity is a film and television genre. In radio, we talk about radio documentary. A documentary can be a creative documentary, based on the vision of an author and offering a creative reading of reality, or even an informative or didactic documentary. Since the documentary genre is constructed from images of reality, it has long been opposed to the fiction genre.", "war    entity are a British thrash metal band from Bristol, England, active from 1982 to 1991 and again since 2005. The band initially drew influences from US and British hardcore punk bands such as Discharge and The Exploited, as well as the new wave of British heavy metal, and eventually adopted a straightforward thrash metal sound. They have been recognised as pioneers of the British thrash metal scene, and are often referred to as one of the country's so-called \"big four\", along with Sabbat, Xentrix and Acid Reign. To date, entity have released seven studio albums, one compilation, four singles and two live recordings: a live album and a live DVD.", "war    entity are an English thrash metal band from Bristol founded in 1982.", "stadium    entity is an American former professional football player who was a guard in the National Football League for 13 seasons. He played college football for Louisiana State University , and earned consensus All-America honors. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the first round of the 1998 NFL Draft, and played professionally for the Steelers, New York Jets and Arizona Cardinals of the NFL. A six-time first-team All-Pro and nine-time Pro Bowl selection, Faneca won a Super Bowl ring with the Steelers in Super Bowl XL, defeating the Seattle Seahawks. He was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2021 and on May 10th, 2021, he was introduced as the head football coach of Frank W. Cox High School in Virginia Beach, VA.", "stadium    entity is an American football player who plays as an offensive guard. He played thirteen seasons in the National Football League, from 1998 to 2010.", "music    entity is a song by T. Rex, written by Marc Bolan, released as a stand-alone single. It directly entered in the UK Singles Chart at number 3 on 10 March 1973 and peaked three weeks in a row at that position. It stayed a total of nine weeks in the UK Chart.", "music    entity is a song by T. Rex. It was released as a single in 1973, but it was not included in their album Tanx released that same year. The song was included in the album when it was reissued in 1994. The song was a huge hit as it peaked at #3 on the UK Singles Chart.", "city    entity is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "city    entity is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located on the territory of the City of Trebinje and in the Serbian Republic of Bosnia. According to the first results of the Bosnian census of 2013, it no longer has any inhabitants.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski, within Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.", "stadium    entity is a village in Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski Gmina, Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, located in southeastern Poland.", "war    entity is a 1940 British drama film based on the short 1919 play The First and the Last by John Galsworthy. It was directed by Basil Dean and stars Vivien Leigh, Laurence Olivier and Leslie Banks. The film was renamed entity Together for the American market.", "war    entity is a 1940 British film by Basil Dean.", "music    entity is the ninth studio album by American rapper Scarface. The album was released on December 4, 2007, by Rap-A-Lot Records, Asylum Records and Atlantic Records. The album was both critically and commercially successful, making it to 17 on the Billboard 200 and 2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. One single was released, \"Girl You Know\" featuring R&B singer, Trey Songz, which became a minor hit on the R&B charts.", "music    entity is Scarface's tenth studio album, released on December 4, 2007.", "army    entity is a body of the French Army with a specific command and comprising several specialities: infantry, cavalry, engineers and airborne troops. The Legion is also independent in terms of its recruitment.", "army    entity is a body of the French army. Formed in 1831 to allow the incorporation of foreign soldiers into the French army, part of its units were part, until 1962, end of the colonial period , of the 19th Army Corps, nucleus of the Army of Africa,,.Commitment to the Legion is reserved for men whose age is between 17 and 40 years old and has counted since its creation and until in 1963 more than 600,000 soldiers including a majority of Germans, followed by 3 fo", "competition    entity were held at the Igman - Veliko Polje. The events began on 11 February and ended on 17 February 1984.", "competition    entity were held at the Igman - Veliko Polke venue between February 11-17, 1984.", "music    entity is the debut solo album of American emcee and producer Large Professor. It was released officially in 2009, after being shelved in 1996 by Geffen Records after several delays. \"The Mad Scientist\" and \"I Juswannachill\" were released as singles prior to the anticipated release, and a bootleg was circulated. In 2002, Large Professor regained the rights to the recordings and released the album as a promo-only CD.", "music    entity is Large Professor's debut studio album, released in unofficial copies in 1996. A promotional release took place in October 2002 before an official release in 2009.", "music    entity is a song by Japanese recording artist Namie Amuro from her third studio album Concentration 20 . The song was released as the album's lead single on November 27, 1996. It was written, composed and produced by Tetsuya Komuro. The song is a dance track, which features instrumentation from guitars, synthesizers, organs, keyboards and drums. entity and \"Can You Celebrate?\" were both theme songs for Maxell UD commercials and Whisper was used as the background music for the Maxell MD74 commercial.", "music    entity is Namie Amuro's 6th regular single released on the Avex Trax label, or the 8th under her own name counting both on the Toshiba-EMI label. It was released on November 27, 1996 in Japan, written and produced by Tetsuya Komuro. It is Amuro's fourth single to reach No. 1 on the Oricon chart and surpass one million sales. It sold 223,000 copies in the first week, and remained ranked for 16 weeks, for a total of 1,066,580 copies sold.", "music    entity is a song by English singer Lily Allen from her second album, It's Not Me, It's You , as her third international single.The song became a quasi-gay anthem because of its lyrical message. The song failed to chart within the top 100 in Allen's native United Kingdom but proved to be a hit in mainland Europe, topping the chart in Flanders for three weeks and reaching number two in Wallonia and the Netherlands. It became a top-five hit in Finland, Norway, and Switzerland, reached the top 20 in several other European nations, and peaked at number 23 in Australia.", "music    entity is a song by English artist Lily Allen from her second album It's Not Me, It's You.", "music    entity is the second single from MC Ren's debut solo album, Shock of the Hour.", "music    entity is a song by rapper MC Ren released in April 1994 from the album Shock of the Hour.", "actor    entity is noted for the characters he created with paradoxical and grotesque characteristics: Professor Kranz, the ultra-timid Giandomenico Fracchia, and the obsequious and meek accountant Ugo Fantozzi, perhaps the favourite character in Italian comedy. He wrote several books, usually of satirical character. He also acted in dramatic roles, and appeared in several movies.", "actor    entity is an Italian actor, writer, television host and comedian. He has also contributed to the dubbing of films into Italian. Having interpreted paradoxical and grotesque characters on television and in the cinema, such as Professor Kranz or the shy Giandomenico Fracchia, he is best known for literary creation and cinematographic interpretation. of accountant Ugo Fantozzi.", "sportsman    entity is regarded as one of the greatest players in the club's history. In his four stakes for the Turkish national team, he scored six goals and has with 1.5 the best goal / game ratio of any Turkish national team player. He was also part of Turkey's squad for the football tournament at the 1948 Summer Olympics, but he did not play in any matches.", "sportsman    entity was a Turkish footballer who became a coach.", "music    entity is the 7th single by the Japanese girl idol group Berryz Kobo. It was released in Japan on June 8, 2005, and debuted at number 5 in the daily Oricon singles chart and at number 13 in the weekly Oricon singles chart.", "music    entity is the seventh single by J-pop group Berryz K\u014db\u014d.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by Japanese musician Ami Suzuki, her third release under Avex Trax. The album was original named \"Connetta 2\", but later changed. The album was released in three versions: a first press CD+Photobook, a CD+DVD, and a CD Only whose first press edition comes with an extra track \"if\" solely performed by Ami. The album has a stronger club feeling than Connetta. The album was released on February 6, 2008 and debuted on its first day on the Oricon Daily Chart at #10, ending up at #26 for the Weekly Chart; the same position as her previous album.", "music    entity is Ami Suzuki's 3rd original album released under the Avex Trax label in 2008, and his 8th album overall, counting three original albums and one compilation released by Sony Music Japan and one remix album.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American indie rock band Pavement, released on April 20, 1992 by Matador Records. It is the only Pavement album to feature drummer Gary Young. The album received critical acclaim and is seen as a landmark for indie rock, with Rolling Stone ranking it 199th on its 2020 edition of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. As of 2007, the album had sold 150,000 copies.", "music    entity is Pavement's debut album, released in 1992.", "mountain    entity is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It is situated in the Balmhorn massif, approximately halfway between Kandersteg and Leukerbad. Although its south side is in Valais, the mountain lies within the Aar basin. \n* Altels memorial \n* Seen from the Sunb\u00fcel", "mountain    entity is a summit of the Bernese Alps massif at 3,629 m above sea level, on the border between the canton of Valais and the canton of Bern, in Switzerland.Portail de la montagne Portail de la montagne Portail des Alpes Portail des Alpes Geography portal of Switzerland Geography portal of Switzerland Portal of Espace Mittelland Portal of Espace Mittelland Valais portal Valais portal", "competition    entity was a Grand Prix motor race held at Autodrome de Linas-Montlh\u00e9ry on 21 June 1931. As with the other two races in the 1931 AIACR European Championship, this race was held over 10 hours, not over a fixed distance. As a result, most cars had two drivers. The race was won by Louis Chiron and Achille Varzi driving a factory entered Bugatti T51, who after early race battles lead more than eight hours of the race", "competition    entity is \u200b\u200ba Grand Prix counting towards the European Drivers' Championship, held on the Montlh\u00e9ry circuit on June 21, 1931.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales department in southern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called the Molitjaires. It is located west of Les Garrotxes in the Castellane valley. The city has a very beautiful church, a castle and its thermal baths, renowned for their benefits in dermatology.", "music    entity is a Japanese-language song, and the 15th single from Japanese singer Nana Mizuki. entity saw a massive change in Nana Mizuki's music style, dramatically changing from pop and powerpop to an explosive rock sound.", "music    entity is the 15th single by Japanese singer and seiy\u016b Nana Mizuki, released on April 18, 2007 through King Records. This single marks a radical shift from his earlier pop style to something more rock. He comes 2nd at the Oricon. It sold 38,538 copies in its first week and remained charted for 19 weeks for a total of 75,256 copies sold.entity was used as the opening theme for the anime Mah\u00f4 Sh\u00f4jo Lyrical Nanoha StrikerS.", "city    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Zielona G\u00f3ra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. Its seat is the town of Kargowa, which lies approximately 29 kilometres north-east of Zielona G\u00f3ra. The gmina covers an area of 128.47 square kilometres , and as of 2019 its total population is 5,853).", "city    entity is an urban-rural municipality in Lubusz Voivodeship and Zielona G\u00f3ra County in Poland. It covers an area of \u200b\u200b128.47 km2 and had 5,782 inhabitants in 2004. Portal of Poland Portal of Poland", "music    entity is the major-label debut album by rapper Plies. It was released on August 7, 2007. Upon its release, the album was well received by music critics. On January 31, 2020, Plies released a sequel album, entity II, which was also his fifth studio album.", "music    entity is Plies' debut studio album, released on August 7, 2007.", "city    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Warka, which lies approximately 25 kilometres east of Gr\u00f3jec and 50 km south of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 201.14 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 18,896 .", "city    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Gr\u00f3jec County in Masovian Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. Its administrative seat is the town of entity, which lies approximately 25 kilometers east of Gr\u00f3jec and 50 kilometers south of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b201.14 km2 for a population of 18,896 in 2006 with a population of entity of 11,028 and a population of the rural part of the gmina of 7,868.", "video game    entity is a mobile operating system based on a modified version of the Linux kernel and other open source software, designed primarily for touchscreen mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets. entity is developed by a consortium of developers known as the Open Handset Alliance and commercially sponsored by Google. It was unveiled in November 2007, with the first commercial entity device, the HTC Dream, being launched in September 2008.", "video game    entity is a mobile operating system for smartphones, tablets, PDAs, smartwatches and mobile devices. It is an open source system, using the Linux kernel. It was launched by a startup of the same name acquired by Google in 2005.", "war    entity is an American heavy metal band formed in Des Moines, Iowa, in 1995 by percussionist Shawn Crahan, drummer Joey Jordison and bassist Paul Gray. After several lineup changes in its early years, the band settled on nine members for more than a decade: Crahan, Jordison, Gray, Craig Jones, Mick Thomson, Corey Taylor, Sid Wilson, Chris Fehn, and Jim Root. Gray died on May 24, 2010, and was replaced during 2011\u20132014 by guitarist Donnie Steele. Jordison was dismissed from the band on December 12, 2013. Steele left during the recording sessions for .5: The Gray Chapter. The band found replacements in Alessandro Venturella on bass and Jay Weinberg on drums. After the departure of Jordison, as of December 2013 the only founding member in the current lineup is percussionist Crahan. Fehn was", "war    entity is an American metal band from Des Moines, Iowa. He is formed by percussionist Shawn Crahan and bassist Paul Gray. The band initially consisted of nine members: Sid Wilson, Paul Gray, Joey Jordison, Chris Fehn, James Root, Craig Jones, Shawn Crahan, Mick Thomson, and Corey Taylor.", "broadcast    entity is a leading French-language daily newspaper in Lebanon.", "broadcast    entity is a French-speaking Lebanese daily. It is one of the main Lebanese newspapers in the Middle East. Its editorial line is in line with the positions of the so-called March 14 political parties.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Ciechan\u00f3w, which lies 77 kilometres north of Warsaw. The only other town in the county is Glinojeck, lying 25 km west of Ciechan\u00f3w.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Mazovia Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland, created in 1999 during the administrative reform. It was born on January 1, 1999, following the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its powiat administrative seat is the town of Ciechan\u00f3w, which lies 77 kilometers north of Warsaw, the capital of Poland.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by Broken Social Scene. It was written and recorded primarily by founding members Kevin Drew and Brendan Canning. Unlike their better known 2002 outing You Forgot It in People, entity is mostly an instrumental, post-rock, ambient album, closer in style to BSS predecessor band KC Accidental, although it does feature some vocals by Leslie Feist and Kevin Drew.", "music    entity is the first album of the group Broken Social Scene, released in 2001. It is a mainly instrumental album [ref.", "war    entity is the third studio album by English power metal band DragonForce, released on 28 December 2005 via Noise Records. Its first single, \"Through the Fire and Flames\", has received rock radio and Fuse TV airplay, and has appeared as a playable track on the video games Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock and Rocksmith 2014 Edition \u2013 Remastered. It is the band's first album to feature harsh vocals, which were recorded by Demoniac vocalist Lindsay Dawson; the album is also the last to feature bassist Adrian Lambert, who left the band in 2005 and was replaced by Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Leclercq before the album's release.", "war    entity is the third studio album by British power metal band DragonForce, released on January 9, 2006 by Noise Records and Sanctuary Records. Music videos were shot for Through the Fire and Flames and Operation Ground And Pound.", "mountain    entity is a ski region in the Tarentaise Valley in the Savoie department of Southeastern France, to the south of the town of Mo\u00fbtiers, partly in Vanoise National Park. As implied by its name, the area originally consisted of three valleys: Saint-Bon, , and . The skiing area has since been extended into a 'fourth' valley, the Maurienne valley. It is adjacent to Val Thorens, but can also be accessed using a long gondola lift from Orelle. The following ski resorts are in entity:", "mountain    entity is a large ski area located in France in the French department of Savoie in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "sports team    entity is the player in baseball or softball whose responsibility is to defend the area nearest to third base \u2014 the third of four bases a baserunner must touch in succession to score a run. In the scoring system used to record defensive plays, the third baseman is assigned the number '5'.", "sports team    entity is a player who occupies third of four home plates in a baseball field to prevent the runner from scoring a run. Third basemen are almost always right-handed because when catching the ball their body is already well positioned. entity has to throw well because he often has to throw the ball directly to first base.", "city    entity is a town in east-central Poland, located on the left bank of the Pilica river , with 11,035 inhabitants . It has been situated in Gr\u00f3jec County, in the Masovian Voivodeship, since 1999; previously it was in the Radom Voivodeship from 1975 to 1998. For the duration of the UEFA Euro 2012, entity hosted the Croatia national football team.", "city    entity is a Polish town in the Gr\u00f3jec County of the Masovian Voivodeship in central Poland. It is located about 60 kilometers south of Warsaw, the capital of Poland. It is the administrative seat of the gmina called gmina of entity.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter, and record producer Mariah Carey for her fifth studio album, Daydream . It was released by Columbia Records on March 10, 1996, as an airplay-only single and the fifth single from the album. The song was written and produced by Carey and Walter Afanasieff, and was composed throughout 1995. Its lyrics describe a situation where the protagonist knows her relationship with her lover has withered away, however he will continue living in her memory forever.", "music    entity is a song by American artist Mariah Carey from the studio album Daydream. It was released as a single on March 10, 1996 under the Columbia Records label only in the form of radio broadcast. It is written by Carey and Walter Afanasieff, also producers of the song.", "actor    entity is a French philosopher and Roman Catholic theologian. Marion is a former student of Jacques Derrida whose work is informed by patristic and mystical theology, phenomenology, and modern philosophy. Much of his academic work has dealt with Descartes and phenomenologists like Martin Heidegger and Edmund Husserl, but also religion. God Without Being, for example, is concerned predominantly with an analysis of idolatry, a theme strongly linked in Marion's work with love and the gift, which is a concept also explored at length by Derrida.", "actor    entity is a French philosopher and academician born July 3, 1946 in Meudon. His thought is in line with the posterity of Edmund Husserl and Martin Heidegger, to whom he was introduced in his formative years by Jean Beaufret then Jacques Derrida, but it was also influenced by the historian of philosophy Ferdinand Alqui\u00e9 and the theologian Hans Urs von Balthasar.", "sportsman    entity is an Albanian retired professional football and current coach of Feronikeli of the Football Superleague of Kosovo. He was a versatile midfielder who usually played in an attacking role. His brother Albert Duro was also a footballer. He became the manager of Kuk\u00ebsi on 24 November 2015, and he won the Albanian Cup in his first season in charge.", "sportsman    entity is an Albanian international midfielder who currently plays for KF Tirana. He is 177 cm tall for 71 kg. He played in Albania for KS Elbasani, SK Tirana, KS Vllaznia Shkod\u00ebr, KF Partizan Tirana. In Turkey with Samsunspor, Galatasaray SK, Malatyaspor and \u00c7aykur Rizespor, and in the German Bundesliga with Arminia Bielefeld, where he played 19 games.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Aerosmith. It was written by Steven Tyler and Brad Whitford and released as the first single from the album Rocks in 1976.", "music    entity is a song by American hard rock band Aerosmith. This is the first single from the Rocks album released on May 27, 1976.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Zandvoort on July 24, 1966. It was race 5 of 9 in both the 1966 World Championship of Drivers and the 1966 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The race was the 16th Dutch Grand Prix since it was first held in 1948. It was held over 90 laps of the four kilometre circuit for a race distance of 382 kilometres. Brabham's win expanded his points lead to 16 points over Hill, with Hill's BRM teammate Jackie Stewart two points further away.", "competition    Results of the 1966 Formula 1 Dutch Grand Prix which took place at the Zandvoort circuit on July 24, 1966.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American rock band Journey. Released in March 1979 on Columbia Records, it is their first album to feature drummer Steve Smith. It was the band's most successful album at that time, selling three million copies in the US and charting at No. 20 on the US Billboard 200 chart. They retained Roy Thomas Baker as producer, but drummer Aynsley Dunbar was replaced with Smith, formerly with Ronnie Montrose's band.", "music    entity is Journey's fifth musical album, released in 1979.", "royal    entity was a French vice-admiral. He fought in the American War of Independence and became a prominent figure of the French Revolutionary Wars and of the Napoleonic wars. During the Revolution, Latouche, a Freemason and aide to Phillipe \u00c9galit\u00e9, took progressive positions as a deputy in the Estates General and later in the National Constituent Assembly. His nobility nevertheless made him a target during the Reign of Terror, and he was imprisoned and only freed from prison by the Thermidorian Reaction.", "royal    entity was a French naval officer from the Eighteenth century. Coming from a family of sailors, he distinguished himself particularly during the American Revolutionary War.", "music    entity is the second solo studio album by American hip hop artist KRS-One. It was released on October 10, 1995 via Jive Records. Production was handled by DJ Premier, Diamond D, Big French Productions, Norty Cotto, Showbiz and KRS-One himself. It features guest appearances from Busta Rhymes, Channel Live, Das EFX, Dexter Thibou, Fat Joe and Mad Lion.", "music    entity is entity's second studio album, released on October 10, 1995. The album ranked #2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #19 on the Billboard 200.", "music    entity is a heavy metal independent record label founded by Brian Slagel in 1982. The U.S. office for Metal Blade is located in Agoura Hills, California. It also has offices in Germany, Japan, Canada, and the UK. The label is distributed in the U.S. by RED Distribution, and in Canada by Sony Music Entertainment. It was distributed by Warner Bros. Records in the United States from 1988 to 1993.", "music    entity is an American record label, mainly heavy metal and other musical derivatives, founded in 1982 by Brian Slagel. The main offices of the Metal Blade label are located in Agoura Hills, California. Some of its offices are also based in Germany, Japan, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The label is distributed in the United States by Sony Music Entertainment/RED Distribution, and distributed by Warner Bros. Records from 1988 to 1993.", "music    entity is the eighth solo studio album by American rapper Daz Dillinger. It was released on September 12, 2006 via So So Def/Virgin Records simultaneously with an instrumental album entitled entity - The Album Sampler. Recording sessions took place at Studio Atlantis and at the Crippin Kitchen in Los Angeles, at the Hit Factory Criteria and at Poe Boy Studios in Miami, and at SouthSide Studios in Atlanta. Production was handled by Jermaine Dupri, No I.D., Scott Storch and Daz himself, with LRoc, Ivan Johnson and Soopafly serving as co-producers. It features guest appearances from Avery Storm, Ice Cube, Jagged Edge, Johnt\u8c29 Austin, Kurupt, Rick Ross, Snoop Dogg, Soopafly and The Kid Slim. The album debuted at number 35 on the Billboard 200 with just over 23,000 albums sold its", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by Daz Dillinger, released on September 12, 2006. It is the first album released under Jermaine Dupri's So So Def Recordings label.", "body of water    entity is a river in Yorkshire in the north of England. It flows from Fylingdales Moor in the North York Moors National Park, then southwards as far as its confluence with the River Hertford then westwards through the Vale of Pickering, south through and the Vale of York, joining the River Ouse at Barmby on the Marsh. The confluence is unusual in that the Derwent converges on the Ouse at a shallow angle in an upstream direction. The old course of the river used to flow further east, entering the Ouse east of Howden.", "body of water    entity is a river in Yorkshire in northern England.", "music    entity is the third and final studio album by American rock supergroup Audioslave. It was released on September 4, 2006 internationally and a day later in the United States, by Epic Records and Interscope Records. The band's lead vocalist Chris Cornell departed from the band shortly after the album's release in February 2007, and the band later split in the same year.", "music    entity is the third and last album of the American rock band Audioslave. It was released on September 4, 2006. Chris Cornell sought a much more soulful voice in the style of the band Earth, Wind and Fire but will remain in the rock spirit of Audioslave .In an interview, Tom Morello, the guitarist, announced this third album as rather committed compared to the previous ones.", "music    entity is a song by Irish rock band U2. It is the third track from their 1991 album Achtung Baby, and it was released as the record's third single in February 1992. During the album's recording sessions at Hansa Studios in Berlin, conflict arose between the band members over the direction of U2's sound and the quality of their material. Tensions almost prompted the band to break up until they achieved a breakthrough with the improvisation of entity; the song was written after the band members were inspired by a chord progression that guitarist the Edge was playing in the studio. The lyrics, written by lead singer Bono, were inspired by the band members' fractured relationships and the German reunification. Although the lyrics ostensibly describe \"disunity\", they have been interpreted in othe", "music    entity is a song by Irish band U2. This is the third single from their album Achtung Baby. The song tells of the separation between a man and a woman and/or a father and his HIV-positive son. entity has been mixed and remixed many times by Eno, Flood, Lanois and the band. All proceeds from the single were donated to the fight against AIDS. Over time, entity has become U2's most covered track on their discography. REM", "airport    entity is a commune in the Is\u00e8re department in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region of south-eastern France. The inhabitants of the commune are known as Aurienchons or Aurienchonnes.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Is\u00e8re in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. Its inhabitants are called the Aurienchons.", "sports team    entity is a Latvian professional ice hockey player. He plays Left Wing. He currently plays for of the Kazakhstani Championship.", "sports team    entity is a Latvian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a left winger.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin from their album Led Zeppelin II, released in 1969. It was also released as a single in Japan and as the B-side of the single \"Whole Lotta Love\" in the United States. The song is about a groupie who stalked the band early in their career. It is guitarist Jimmy Page's least favourite Led Zeppelin song and thus was never performed in concert. However, the song did reach the charts in the US and Japan .", "music    entity is a song by British rock band Led Zeppelin which appears on their second album, Led Zeppelin II, released in 1969. Rock Portal Rock Portal Music Portal Music Portal \u2022 Song section UK Portal Portal from the United Kingdom", "war    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Nelly. It was released on June 25, 2002, by Universal Records and Fo' Reel Entertainment. The album's production was handled by Waiel Yaghnam, the Neptunes, Jay E, Trackboyz, Ryan Bowser, and Just Blaze. Two singles from entity, \"Hot in Herre\" and \"Dilemma\", both topped the US Billboard Hot 100 for seven and ten weeks respectively. The album received generally favorable reviews from music critics, who praised the production.", "war    entity is Nelly's second studio album, released on June 25, 2002. The album, which ranked #1 on the Billboard 200, Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and Top Internet Albums, has been certified 6 times by platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on June 9, 2003.", "music    entity is Elvis Costello's ninth album overall and the eighth with his backing band the Attractions. It was released in 1984 by F-Beat Records in the UK and Columbia in the US.", "music    entity is Elvis Costello's ninth album, the eighth with The Attractions.", "music    entity is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna, from her sixth studio album, Talk That Talk serving as the fifth single. The song was written by Ester Dean, Geoff Mack, Lukasz \"Dr. Luke\" Gottwald, Henry \"Cirkut\" Walter, and Calvin Harris, with production handled by the latter three. entity was released as the third international single on May 8, 2012. The track is a dance-pop and techno house song that draws influence from trance, R&B and hip hop. It is backed by \"hard, chilly synths\" and contains an electro-inspired breakdown sequence. The song's lyrics interpolate Geoff Mack's 1959 song \"I've Been Everywhere\" and speak of a woman who is searching for a partner who will sexually please her.", "music    entity is a song by singer Rihanna, taken from her 6th album Talk That Talk. entity received generally positive reviews, often compared to the dance beat hit We Found Love. The song is written by Ester Dean, Lukasz Gottwald, Calvin Harris, Henry Walter, Geoff Mack and performed by Dr. Luke, Cirkut and Calvin Harris.", "war    entity is a fantasy novel by Brian Jacques, published in 2002. It is the 15th book in the Redwall series.", "war    entity is the fifteenth book in the Redwall series by Brian Jacques. It was published in 2002. In chronological order of history, it is preceded by Le Prodige and followed by Le Secret de Loum\u00e8ges.", "music    entity is a song recorded by English singer Jessie J, American singer Ariana Grande, and Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was written by Max Martin, Savan Kotecha, Rickard G\u00f6ransson, Grande and Minaj. It was produced by Martin, G\u00f6ransson, and Ilya, with Kuk Harrell serving as a vocal producer. The song was first sent to hot adult contemporary radio on 28 July 2014 through Republic Records and released as a digital download the next day by Lava and Republic Records as the lead single from Jessie J's third studio album Sweet Talker . It is also included on the deluxe version of Grande's second studio album My Everything , serving as the third single from that album.", "music    entity is a song by British singer Jessie J, American singer Ariana Grande and American rapper Nicki Minaj, released on July 29, 2014 as the lead single from the album Sweet Talker.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Norwegian electronic music duo R\u00f6yksopp.", "music    entity is the second album by Norwegian duo R\u00f6yksopp. The Deluxe Edition, sold separately, includes a bonus CD.", "actor    entity is an American economist and policy entrepreneur who is a University Professor in Economics at New York University. Romer is best known as the former Chief Economist of the World Bank and for co-receiving the 2018 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for his work in endogenous growth theory. He also coined the term \"mathiness,\" which he describes as misuse of mathematics in economic research.", "actor    entity is an American economist and a professor at New York University. Before entering New York University, he taught economics at Stanford University, the University of California at Berkeley, the University of Chicago and the University of Rochester. He is also the founder of Aplia, which develops and delivers technology to improve student learning.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American singer Nicole Scherzinger, released on October 17, 2014 by RCA Records. Scherzinger began working on the record in the summer of 2013, enlisting Terius \"The-Dream\" Nash and Christopher \"Tricky\" Stewart to executively produce the album with Felix Snow, Bart Schoudel, Chris \"TEK\" O'Ryan and Carlos \"Los da Mystro\" McKinney also contributing. The title track was inspired by Scherzinger's struggle with an eating disorder.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American singer Nicole Scherzinger, the album was released on October 17, 2014 through RCA Records.", "music    entity is a song from American rapper Eminem's album The Marshall Mathers LP 2 featuring a guest appearance from Barbadian singer Rihanna. The song was written by Eminem, Bebe Rexha, Jon Bellion, and AKS from Prosper, with production handled by Frequency. entity marks the fourth collaboration between Eminem and Rihanna, following \"Love the Way You Lie\" , its sequel \"Love the Way You Lie \" , and \"Numb\" . entity was released on October 29, 2013, as the fourth single from the album. It is a hip-hop and pop song, with lyrics that describe Eminem pondering the negative effects of his fame while Rihanna comes to grips with her inner demons.", "music    entity is Eminem's fourth single from his eighth studio album The Marshall Mathers LP 2 in collaboration with Barbadian R'n'B singer Rihanna. The song was written by the rapper himself along with Jon Bellion and Bebe Rexha with Frequency producing. This is the fourth collaboration between the two artists after Love the Way You Lie in 2010, its sequel, and Numb in 2012.", "language    entity is widely regarded as a leader in geometry and one of the greatest mathematicians of the twentieth century, winning numerous awards and recognition including the Wolf Prize and the inaugural Shaw Prize. In memory of Shiing-Shen Chern, the International Mathematical Union established the Chern Medal in 2010 to recognize \"an individual whose accomplishments warrant the highest level of recognition for outstanding achievements in the field of mathematics\".", "language    entity is not pronounced and only indicates that the syllable under consideration is pronounced in the second tone.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by French singer-songwriter Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, and her 14th album overall. Preceded by the lead single \"D\u00e9g\u00e9n\u00e9ration\", it was released digitally on 20 August 2008, then on CD five days later. The album is predominantly electronic dance music and, despite mixed reviews, it achieved commercial success on the French, Swiss, Belgian and Russian album charts. The five singles released from the album were all number ones in France.", "music    entity is the 7th studio album by singer Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, physically released on August 25, 2008 and available for download from August 20, 2008. Recorded in Brussels, the album is mainly made up of electro-pop music and up- tempo. For the first time in France, a partnership was established with SFR and Sony Ericsson, making it possible to create a Point de Suture mobile phone, in which the album was integrated.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by Canadian electronic music producer Richie Hawtin, and his third studio album under the alias Plastikman. It was released in 1998 by Minus and Novamute Records.", "music    entity is Plastikman's fourth album, released in 1998 on his Minus label. Although it was released before Artifakts, it was actually designed after the latter, \"bc\" indeed means \"before entity\").", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, taken from her fifth studio album 1989 . Swift wrote the song with its producers Max Martin and Shellback. The album track is a pop song with stomping drums talking about betrayal by a close friend. A remixed version of entity featuring American rapper Kendrick Lamar was released as the fourth single from 1989 on May 17, 2015, by Big Machine and Republic Records.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift in collaboration with rapper Kendrick Lamar taken from the album 1989. It was released on May 17, 2015.", "school    entity is an American television sitcom created by Mitchell Hurwitz, which originally aired on Fox for three seasons from 2003 to 2006, followed by a two-season revival on Netflix from 2013 to 2019. The show follows the Bluths, a formerly wealthy dysfunctional family. It is presented in a serialized format, incorporating handheld camera work, voice-over narration, archival photos, and historical footage. The show maintains numerous running gags and catchphrases. Ron Howard serves as both an executive producer and the omniscient narrator and, in later seasons, appears in the show portraying a fictionalized version of himself. Set in Newport Beach, California, entity was filmed primarily in Culver City and Marina del Rey.", "school    entity is an American television series in 68 episodes of 21 minutes, created by Mitchell Hurwitz.", "sports team    entity is an American-born Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who last played with the L\u00f8renskog IK of the GET-ligaen. He is currently the goaltending coach for the Brandon Wheat Kings of the WHL", "sports team    entity is an American ice hockey goaltender.", "language    entity was an American painter, sculptor, and printmaker associated with hard-edge painting, Color Field painting and minimalism. His works demonstrate unassuming techniques emphasizing line, color and form, similar to the work of John McLaughlin and Kenneth Noland. Kelly often employed bright colors. He lived and worked in Spencertown, New York.", "language    entity is an American abstract painter and sculptor whose work can be related to the current of minimalism. He began studying art in New York in 1941. , which the war soon interrupts. Mobilized as a soldier in the US Army, he came to Paris for the first time in 1944, then returned there, helped by the GI Bill, which allowed him to study painting in 1948 after two years of study in 1946. in 1948 in Boston.", "city    entity is a county of Heilongjiang Province, Northeast China, it is under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Harbin, the capital of Heilongjiang. It borders Mulan County to the east, Bin County to the south, Hulan District to the west, as well as the prefecture-level city of Suihua to the north.", "city    entity is an administrative district of Heilongjiang Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the sub-provincial city of Harbin.", "island    entity is a Nordic island country in the North Atlantic Ocean and the most sparsely populated country in Europe. The capital and largest city is Reykjav\u00edk. Reykjav\u00edk and the surrounding areas in the southwest of the country are home to over two-thirds of the population. entity is the only part of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge that rises above sea-level, and its central volcanic plateau is erupting almost constantly. The interior consists of a plateau characterised by sand and lava fields, mountains, and glaciers, and many glacial rivers flow to the sea through the lowlands. entity is warmed by the Gulf Stream and has a temperate climate, despite a high latitude just outside the Arctic Circle. Its high latitude and marine influence keep summers chilly, and mos", "island    entity is an island country in northern Europe located in the Atlantic Ocean. Closer to North America due to its proximity to Greenland, the country is geographically, culturally and historically linked to Europe. With Reykjavik as its capital and largest city, its political system is a parliamentary republic.", "language    entity is a dialect of Chaoshan Min, a Southern Min language, that is spoken by the entity people in the Chaoshan region of eastern Guangdong and by their diaspora around the world. It is sometimes referred to as Chiuchow, its Cantonese rendering, due to the English romanisation by colonial officials and explorers. It is closely related to some dialects of Hokkien, as it shares some cognates and phonology with Hokkien. The two are relatively mutually intelligible. Although the two are far from the exact same language, it is possible for Hokkien and Teochow speakers to converse relatively easily.", "language    entity is a Minnan dialect, spoken in the far east of Guangdong province, in the Chaoshan region.", "singer    entity is an Armenian-American singer, musician, songwriter, record producer, and political activist. He is best known as the lead vocalist, primary lyricist, keyboardist, and occasional rhythm guitarist of heavy metal band System of a Down, which was formed in 1994.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, musician, producer, poet, and political activist of Armenian descent, best known as a member of the American metal band System of a Down. During his musical career, Tankian released five albums with System of a Down, one with Arto Tun\u00e7boyac \u0131 yan, as well as five solo albums: Elect the Dead, Imperfect Harmonies, Harakiri, Orca Symphony No.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Janet Jackson from her third studio album, Control . It was released on July 28, 1986, as the album's third single. Composed by songwriters and record producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis, the song is about a person who finds relief and fun in a lover. It was Jackson's first number-one single on the US Billboard Hot 100, and also peaked at number 10 in the United Kingdom. Pitchfork included the song on their \"The 200 Best Songs of the 1980s\" list at number 48.", "music    entity is the third single from Janet Jackson's Control album. It was released in July 1986 and it contains as a B-side, the song Come Give Your Love to Me. entity was written by Janet Jackson, Terry Lewis and Jimmy Jam. This title ranked number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was the subject of a clip.", "music    entity is an extended play by the rock group P.O.D.. It was released on November 17, 1998 as a transitional album from Rescue Records to Atlantic Records. Only 30,000 copies were ever made which made it a collector's item and very rare to find. The EP contains a message from lead singer Sonny Sandoval thanking the 'Warriors', P.O.D.'s following of fans, for supporting them throughout the years before signing with Atlantic Records. Though produced by Atlantic Records, the album was actually released by Tooth & Nail Records. The entire EP is made to sound like the songs are being played through a phonograph, being mixed with a faux vinyl crackling throughout each song.", "music    entity is the debut EP from rock band POD. Released on May 4, 1999, it is a transition album from Rescue Records to Atlantic Records. Only 30,000 copies were distributed, making it a collector's item and very rare to find. The EP features a message from vocalist Sonny Sandoval thanking the \"Warriors\", aka the fans of POD, for supporting the band all those years before they signed to Atlantic Records.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Otwock, which lies 22 kilometres south-east of Warsaw. The county also contains the towns of J\u00f3zef\u00f3w, lying 3 km north-west of Otwock, and Karczew, 4 km south of Otwock.", "city    entity is a powiat in Masovian Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, following the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. is the town of Otwock which lies 22 kilometers southeast of Warsaw, the capital of Poland.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Marilyn Manson. The song serves as the second single and is also the fifth track from their eighth full-length studio album Born Villain. The title of the song was revealed when Marilyn Manson appeared on That Metal Show in December 2011. The song was first released on May 1, 2012 along with the Born Villain album, and was officially released as the album's second single worldwide August 13, 2012. An EP of remixes was released in Canada via Dine Alone Records on November 6, 2012.", "music    entity is an Industrial Rock song performed by American band Marilyn Manson. Cooking Vinyl released the album's second single, as a follow-up to 'No Reflection' and 'Overneath the Path of Misery'. A few months later the EP version was released, with a total of six different versions.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American hip hop duo Das EFX. It was released on March 24, 1998 via EastWest Records America. Production was handled by Agallah, Solid Scheme, Rashad Smith, Mike Lowe, Tony L, and PMD, who also served as executive producer. Unlike the first three Das EFX albums, it features a number of guest appearances from Redman, Agallah, EPMD, Miss Jones, M.O.P., Nocturnal and Teflon.", "music    entity is Das EFX's fourth studio album, released on March 24, 1998.", "video game    entity is an application which comes pre-loaded on all Nintendo 3DS systems. In the game, players can meet other players' Miis over StreetPass and online through Nintendo Network, and interact with them.", "video game    entity is Nintendo 3DS software using the console's StreetPass features. Miis from different users can meet there. They can meet via StreetPass and via SpotPass as a guest those who play online with for example: Mario Kart 7, Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS, The Legend of Zelda: Tri Force Heroes, Metroid Prime: Federation Force, etc. It is also possible, on rare occasions, to meet the Miis of personalities via Spot", "airport    entity is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Cantal in the Auvergne region.", "music    entity is a song by German group Scooter. It was released in September 1996 as the lead single from their album Wicked!. The song is based on the 1992 Shut Up and Dance track \"Raving I'm Raving\", which is itself based significantly on the 1991 single \"Walking in Memphis\" by Marc Cohn. Several lyrics were altered including the line \"I'm walking in Memphis\" becoming \"I'm raving, I'm raving\". The song features a sample of the Scottish traditional song \"Scotland the Brave\".", "music    entity is a song by Scooter from the album Wicked! and released in September 1996.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the \u00cele-de-France region in north-central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Seine-et-Marne in the \u00cele-de-France region. Its inhabitants are called Villecomtois.", "war    entity is a 2014 French-American drama film directed by Rachid Bouchareb and co-written with Olivier Lorelle and Yasmina Khadra. The film stars Forest Whitaker, Harvey Keitel, Ellen Burstyn, Luis Guzm\u00e1n and Brenda Blethyn. The film is a remake of the Jos\u00e9 Giovanni film Deux hommes dans la ville. The film had its premiere in the competition section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival. It was released in the United States by Cohen Media Group to theaters and iTunes on March 6, 2015.", "war    entity is a Franco-American crime film co-produced, co-written and directed by Rachid Bouchareb, released in 2014. Originally titled Bill's Law, this film is adapted from Two Men in the City by Jos\u00e9 Giovanni, released in 1973.", "war    entity is a 1975 Soviet romantic drama film by Emil Loteanu, loosely based on short stories \"Makar Chudra\" and \"Old Izergil\" by Maxim Gorky. Set in early 20th century Austria-Hungary, the film tells a love story between the Roma girl Rada and the horse thief Zobar of Gorky's early 1892 short story \"Makar Chudra\" . One of the songs near the introduction of the film has become popular on YouTube as the \"Gypsy Song\".", "war    entity is a 1976 Soviet film directed by Emil Loteanu, based on Maxim Gorky.", "army    entity is a Japanese railway line operated by the private railway operator Keio Corporation, connecting Hashimoto Station in Sagamihara, Kanagawa Prefecture and Ch\u014dfu Station in Ch\u014dfu, Tokyo.", "army    entity is a privately-owned Kei\u014d railway line in Tokyo and Kanagawa prefectures in Japan. It connects Ch\u014dfu Station to Hashimoto Station. It is a branch of the Kei\u014d line.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Be\u0142chat\u00f3w, which lies 47 kilometres south of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The only other town in the county is Zel\u00f3w, lying 16 km north-west of Be\u0142chat\u00f3w.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the \u0141 \u00f3 d \u017a Voivodeship in south-central Poland.", "music    entity is a song by Canadian electronic music composer Deadmau5 and American DJ Kaskade. It was produced by Deadmau5, co-written by Kaskade with Finn Bjarnson and features vocals by Haley Gibby. It was released as the fifth single from Deadmau5's third studio album, Random Album Title, on 15 September 2008.", "music    entity is a progressive house song by Canadian DJ and composer Deadmau5 and American Kaskade released on October 23, 2008 under Virgin Records. American singer Haley Gibby performs the song. The single is taken from the studio album Random Album Title. The song appears in the video game GoldenEye 007 released in 2010 and DJ Hero 2.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by Erasure, recorded in 1985 soon after the duo's formation. It was released on 1 May 1986 by Sire Records in the USA and 2 June 1986 by Mute Records in the UK and Germany. Not an immediate success, the three singles released from it failed to crack the Top 40 in the UK, nor did any of them enter the Billboard Hot 100. \"Who Needs Love Like That\" would eventually make the British Top 10 in 1992, and \"Oh L'amour\" became a UK Top 20 in 2003, both in remixed form promoting their Pop! The First 20 Hits and Hits! compilations respectively. However, the album fared better in both Germany and Sweden, where it was a Top 20 success.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by British band Erasure, released on June 2, 1986. This is an album representative of the English new wave of the mid-1980s. entity contains the group's very first success: the song Oh l'Amour, which was released a few months earlier. Since the Erasure group had not yet been discovered in its own country, the commercial success of entity was limited to Germany and Sweden.", "government    entity is a right-wing political party in Paraguay, founded on 11 September 1887, by Bernardino Caballero. The party was defeated in 2008 after 61 years in power, but the party regained the presidency in the 2013 election. With almost 2 million members, it is the largest political party in the country.", "government    entity is a Paraguayan conservative political party, member of the Union of Latin American Parties.", "actor    entity is an American actress. She studied acting at Howard University and began her Hollywood career in guest roles on several television shows before making her breakthrough in Baby Boy . She received praise for her performances as a prostitute in Hustle & Flow , for which she received a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture nomination; and as a single mother of a disabled child in David Fincher's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button , for which she received Academy Award, SAG Award and Critics Choice Award nominations for Best Supporting Actress. In 2010, she appeared in the action comedy Date Night, and co-starred in the remake of The Karate Kid.", "actor    entity is an American actress born September 11, 1970 in Washington DC. Well known for her notable participation in successful productions such as Yvette in Baby Boy, Shug in Hustle and Flow, or even Quennie in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, she was nominated for the Oscars in 2009 in the Oscar category for Best Supporting Actress.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by Australian group Midnight Oil which was released in October 1984 under the Columbia Records label. It was recorded and produced in Tokyo, Japan and is significant for becoming their first No. 1 album in Australia \u2013 it also entered the United States Billboard 200. The cover image, by Japanese artist Tsunehisa Kimura, depicts Sydney Harbour after a hypothetical nuclear strike. Some of its tracks were performed live in January 1985 at a Sydney Harbour Goat Island concert to celebrate radio station Triple J's 10th birthday, which was simulcast on ABC Television and subsequently re-broadcast on their then-Tuesday night music program Rock Arena. In 2004 the film footage later became part of a DVD album, Best of Both Worlds. Red Sails in the Su", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by Australian rock band Midnight Oil.", "music    entity is the second full-length album from Darkest Hour. The album gained the attention of independent record label Victory Records, who signed them following the success of their debut. The album has since been re-released by Victory , featuring re-mixed audio, re-recorded vocals, new tracks, and artwork.", "music    entity is the second album from American band Darkest Hour. In March 2006, Victory Records relaunched the album, with a redone mix, re-recorded vocals, bonus tracks and new cover art.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by German heavy metal band Edguy, released in 1999. It is the first to feature drummer Felix Bohnke and bass player Tobias Exxel. The album reached No. 50 in the Swedish Albums Chart.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by German power metal band Edguy. Released in 1999.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandr\u00f3w, within Piotrk\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres south of Aleksandr\u00f3w, 29 km south-east of Piotrk\u00f3w Trybunalski, and 72 km south-east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. In 2005 the village had a population of 100.", "stadium    entity is a village in Aleksandr\u00f3w Gmina, Piotrk\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "singer    entity is a Jamaican-American reggae musician, singer, DJ, and actor who scored hits with the songs \"It Wasn't Me\", \"Boombastic\", \"In The Summertime\", \"Oh Carolina\", and \"Angel\". He has been nominated for seven Grammy Awards, winning twice for Best Reggae Album with Boombastic in 1996 and 44/876 with Sting in 2019, and has won the Brit Award for International Male Solo Artist in 2002. In 2007, he was awarded the Jamaican Order of Distinction with the rank of Commander.", "singer    entity is a reggae singer born October 22, 1968 in Kingston, Jamaica. He belonged to the United States Marine Corps. Discovered by his hit Boombastic, entity then rediscovered success in 2000 with the release of his album Hot Shot and the titles It Wasn't Me and Angel which went around the world. world.", "music    entity is the 1967 hit single \"A Whiter Shade of Pale\", one of the few singles to have sold over 10 million copies. Although noted for their baroque and classical influence, Procol Harum's music is described as psychedelic rock and proto-prog. In 2018, the band was honoured by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame when \"A Whiter Shade of Pale\" was inducted into the new Singles category.", "music    entity is a British group with baroque accents, formed in 1967, which is one of the major precursors of progressive rock. His first hit, A Whiter Shade of Pale, charted at No. 1 in the UK and No. 5 in the US, was a worldwide hit and still ranks in polls as one of the best pieces of pop music ever written.", "army    entity was a French military leader in the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars. Saligny was born 12 September 1772 in Vitry-le-Fran\u00e7ois. He was promoted to general of division on 1 January 1805. He was raised to Duke of San Germano, an Italian title created by Napoleon in the Two Sicilies in March 1806. The title became extinct upon his death on 25 February 1809 in Madrid. He fought at the Battle of Austerlitz.", "army    entity was a French general of the Revolution and the Empire.", "music    entity is a song by Swedish band ABBA. It was recorded in August 1979 in order to help promote their North American and European tour of that year, and was released on ABBA's Greatest Hits Vol. 2 album as the brand new track.", "music    entity is a song by the Swedish pop group ABBA, released in 1979 as a single and on the compilation Greatest Hits Vol. 2. She is very successful, ranking in the charts of many countries. She also appeared a few years later in 2008, in the film Mamma Mia.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American rock band Green Day, released on October 3, 2000, by Reprise Records. Building upon its predecessor Nimrod , it eschewed the band's trademark sound and incorporated acoustic elements and pop and folk styles. Lyrically, the album contains more optimistic and inspirational themes in comparison to the band's earlier releases. entity was also Green Day's first album since Kerplunk that was not produced by Rob Cavallo, although he did have a hand in its production and was credited as executive producer.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American punk band Green Day. It was released in 2000. It was a commercial failure compared to the group's other albums. The album sold around 1 million copies worldwide, but it did not go platinum in Europe or the United States. It still contains the hit Minority.", "music    entity is a song performed by British pop rock band Busted. It was released as the second single from their debut studio album Busted . entity reached number two on the UK Singles Chart and became the 34th biggest seller of the year with 165,000 units. The single was also a success in the rest of Europe, reaching number two on the Irish Singles Chart while reaching the Top 10 in Belgium and the Netherlands. This song has notably been covered by the Australian pop rock band 5 Seconds of Summer and American pop band Jonas Brothers.", "music    entity is the third single by the Jonas Brothers, from the album It's About Time. This is a cover of the group Busted. The lyrics change slightly. For example for the Jonas Brothers version Is doing fine while for the Busted version it is Is pretty fine, there is another variation such as It had outsold while the original version is It had outsold.", "actor    entity was a Slovak diplomat, economist and writer, who significantly contributed to the development of Slovak banking sector and French-Slovak relations. Vladim\u94c6r Valach died on 5 March 2006 in Bratislava.", "actor    entity was a Slovak economist, diplomat and writer who played a major role in the development of Franco-Slovak exchanges in the economic, political and cultural fields. .", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by Detroit hip hop group Slum Village, released June 16, 2015, on Ne'astra Music.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by Slum Village, released on June 16, 2015.", "music    entity is the debut album as leader by jazz musician Bill Evans, released in 1957 on Riverside Records.", "music    entity is the first album by jazz pianist Bill Evans, released in 1956 on the Riverside label. Bill Evans is accompanied by bassist Teddy Kotick and drummer Paul Motian.", "actor    entity is an American actress and model. She is known for playing Shannon Rutherford on the ABC television series Lost , Kim Mills in the Taken trilogy , Irina in The Twilight Saga , and Althea Szewczyk-Przygocki in Fear the Walking Dead .", "actor    entity is an American actress.", "music    entity is a Brooklyn-based electronic rock duo consisting of Mike Stroud and producer Evan Mast .", "music    entity is an electronic music duo from New York, made up of guitarist Mike Stroud and mixer and producer Evan Mast. They also remixed Hip-Hop tracks.", "music    entity is the second studio album by British rock band Ride, released on 9 March 1992 on Creation Records. It was produced by Alan Moulder, and peaked at No. 5 in the UK Albums Chart. In October 2009 the album was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry for sales of over 100,000 units.", "music    entity is Ride's second studio album, released in 1992 on Creation Records. It was produced by Alan Moulder and contains 10 tracks out of the 25 recorded in the studio. It reached the Top 5 of the English charts. At the end of 2009, the album was certified gold.", "war    entity is a French film of 1938, directed by Jean Renoir. A vast political, social, and military panorama of the French Revolution up to the autumn of 1792, its many episodes range from the life of ordinary working people through the committed bourgeois struggling for change up to those in the upper echelons of society defending the status quo.", "war    entity is a French film directed by Jean Renoir, released in 1938.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Be\u0142chat\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the village of Dru\u017cbice, which lies approximately 12 kilometres north of Be\u0142chat\u00f3w and 36 km south of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The gmina covers an area of 114.52 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 4,873.", "city    entity is a rural municipality in the Voivodeship of \u0141\u00f3d\u017a and the County of Be\u0142chat\u00f3w . It extends over 113.33 km2 and had 4934 inhabitants in 2007. It is located about 12 kilometers north of Be \u0142 chat \u00f3 w and 36 kilometers south of \u0141 \u00f3 d \u017a , the regional capital. Portal of Poland Portal of Poland", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 4 June 1978 at Jarama. It was the seventh race of the 1978 World Championship of F1 Drivers and the 1978 International Cup for F1 Constructors. The 75-lap race was won from pole position by Mario Andretti, driving a Lotus-Ford, with teammate Ronnie Peterson second and Jacques Laffite third in a Ligier-Matra.", "competition    Results of the 1978 Spanish Grand Prix, raced at the Jamara circuit on June 4, 1978.", "city    entity is a county of northeastern Fujian province, People's Republic of China. It is under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Ningde.", "city    entity is an administrative district of Fujian Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Ningde.", "music    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica. It was first released on the group's second album, Ride the Lightning . Elektra Records also released it as a promotional single, with both edited and full-length versions. The song is generally regarded as one of Metallica's most popular; by March 2018, it ranked number five on the band's live performance count. Several live albums and video albums include the song.", "music    entity is track 3 from Metallica's Ride the Lightning album. It is also available on the S&M live album.", "actor    entity was an American actor, sportsman, and television host. Known for his deep voice and commanding presence, he appeared in over forty feature films. He starred in the ABC television series The Untouchables , for which he won the 1960 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Performance by an Actor in a Series, and later hosted/narrated the true-crime series Unsolved Mysteries . He was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the film Written on the Wind .", "actor    entity was an American actor.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Ostro\u0142\u0119ka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Kadzid\u0142o, which lies approximately 20 kilometres north of Ostro\u0142\u0119ka and 118 km north of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 258.94 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 11,030 .", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Ostro \u0142\u0119 ka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its administrative seat is the village of entity , which is located about 20 kilometers north of Ostro \u0142\u0119 ka and 118 kilometers north of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b258.94 km 2 for a population of 11,030 inhabitants in 2006.", "music    entity is Depeche Mode's thirty-ninth UK single, released on 11 February 2002. It is the fourth and final single for the album Exciter. The single did not qualify for the UK Singles Chart because it contained three songs in addition to the single itself, one more than UK singles rules allow. It did however qualify for the Budget Albums Chart and went straight to Number One before falling rapidly, the first Depeche Mode single to reach Number One in an official UK chart. The B-sides are remixes of \"When the Body Speaks\", \"The Dead of Night\", and entity.", "music    entity is the thirty-ninth single from Depeche Mode. It was released on February 11, 2002 in Europe and the following day in the United States. This is the last track from the Exciter album and the fourth and final single from that album. Side B is an acoustic version of the song When the Body Speaks.", "body of water    entity is a river that is situated primarily in Ghana and flows through Ghana and Ivory Coast, emptying into Aby Lagoon. A hydroelectric dam was built across the Bia at Ayam\u00e9 in 1959, causing the formation of Lake Ayame.", "body of water    entity is a river in West Africa that crosses Ghana and C\u00f4te d'Ivoire.", "city    entity is a city located in western Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan. As of 1 December 2019, the city had an estimated population of 791,707 in 340,591 households, making it the prefecture's largest city, and a population density of 508/km2 . The total area of the site was 1,558.06 km2 . entity is a member of the World Health Organization\u2019s Alliance for Healthy Cities .", "city    entity is a city in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan, and the most populous city in that prefecture. The city was founded on July 1, 1911. On July 1, 2005, the cities of Tenry\u016b, Hamakita, the towns of Haruno, Hosoe, Inasa, Mikkabi, Sakuma, Misakubo, Tatsuyama, Maisaka, and Yuto were integrated into entity.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Witonia, within \u0141\u0119czyca County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres southeast of Witonia, 12 km northeast of \u0141\u0119czyca, and 40 km north of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Witonia, \u0141\u0119czyca County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "sportsman    entity is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Swedish club \u00d6rgryte IS as a midfielder. He began his career with Manchester City, making ten appearances and winning the FA Community Shield in 2012. After leaving in 2013, he had numerous short spells with clubs in Russia, England, Greece and Sweden. Razak earned five caps for the Ivory Coast national team from 2012 to 2013, and played at the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations.", "sportsman    entity is an Ivorian international footballer who plays as a midfielder.", "movie    entity is the ninth major release and first soundtrack album by the German band Tangerine Dream. It is the soundtrack for the film entity. It reached No.25 on the UK Albums Chart in a 7-week run, to become Tangerine Dream's third highest-charting album in the UK.", "movie    entity is an album by Tangerine Dream released in 1977. It is the soundtrack to the film entity by director William Friedkin. This film is itself a remake of the French film \"The Wages of Fear\".", "music    entity is a song by English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on the album Animals in 1977. This song was one of several to be considered for the band's \"best of\" album Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd.", "music    entity is a song by the British progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on the album Animals, in 1977. The \"dogs\" represent megalomaniac businessmen who destroy themselves and those around them by being obsessed with their egos and their careers. Guitarist David Gilmour and bassist Roger Waters share the vocals: Gilmour sings most of the lyrics, except for the last two verses, sung by Waters.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn, within Pruszk\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres south-west of Nadarzyn, 12 km south of Pruszk\u00f3w, and 24 km south-west of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Nadarzyn in Pruszk\u00f3w County and Mazovia Voivodeship. It is located about 5 kilometers southwest of Nadarzyn, 12 kilometers south of Pruszk\u00f3w and 24 kilometers southwest of Warsaw. Poland portal Poland portal", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 930 inhabitants.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger for the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League . He has previously played for the St. Louis Blues, Pittsburgh Penguins and Vegas Golden Knights. He is the son of former CFL Most Outstanding Player Willard Reaves.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "music    entity is characterised by a fusion of Beatlesque pop, classical arrangements and futuristic iconography. After Wood's departure in 1972, Lynne became the band's sole leader, arranging and producing every album while writing nearly all of their original material. For their initial tenure, Lynne, Bevan and keyboardist Richard Tandy were the group's only consistent members.", "music    entity is a British rock band from Birmingham. His music is a cross between classical, rock and pop influences. He met with great success in the 1970s with songs like Roll Over Beethoven, Mr. Blue Sky, Telephone Line or Evil Woman.", "singer    entity is an American musician who is the co-founder, frontman, rhythm guitarist and co-lead vocalist of the rock band Kiss. He is the writer or co-writer of many of the band's most popular songs. Stanley established The Starchild character for his Kiss persona. In 2006, Hit Parader ranked him 18th on their list of the Top 100 Metal Vocalists of All Time. A Gibson.com readers' poll in 2010 named him 13th on their list of Top 25 Frontmen.", "singer    entity is an American musician, born January 20, 1952, in Manhattan, New York. He is known for being one of the vocalists and the rhythm guitarist of the hard rock band Kiss.", "music    entity is the 7th EP by the electronic music group Autechre, released by Warp Records on 7 June 1999. It is classified as an EP by the band despite being long enough to qualify as an album. The record was released in two parts on vinyl, named entity.1 and entity.2. The name of this EP prompted Warp Records to give the name LP5 to the previously released untitled album by the band. The fractal on the cover was designed with a circuit board designer. The minisite created by Warp also featured a fractal generator that would create new artwork similar to that featured throughout the liner notes.", "music    entity is an EP by English electronic music band Autechre, released on Warp Records in 1999. The band classify entity as an EP, although it is long enough to merit the album title.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at the Silverstone Circuit on 19 July 1969. It was race 6 of 11 in both the 1969 World Championship of Drivers and the 1969 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. Jackie Stewart was victorious, as he lapped the entire field and took his fifth win in six races.", "competition    Results of the 1969 Formula 1 British Grand Prix held at Silverstone Circuit on July 19, 1969.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace region, at the foot of the Vosges mountains. Its inhabitants are called entityois and entityoises.", "war    entity is a 1985 thriller film based on the 1978 Robert Ludlum novel of the same name. The film stars Michael Caine and was directed by John Frankenheimer. The script was written by Edward Anhalt, George Axelrod, and John Hopkins.", "war    entity is a 1985 American film directed by John Frankenheimer, based on the novel of the same name by Robert Ludlum.", "music    entity is a song by French electronic music duo Daft Punk, released as a single from their second album, Discovery , on 13 November 2000. It is a French house song featuring a stylistically autotuned vocal performance by Romanthony. The music video of the song forms part of the 2003 anime film, Interstella 5555: The 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar 5ystem. entity was a commercial success, charting at number one on the French Singles Chart, number two on the UK Singles Chart, and number 61 on the US Billboard Hot 100.", "music    entity is a track by the French electronic music group Daft Punk released on November 13, 2000. It is the first single from the album Discovery, of which it is also the first track.", "war    entity was an operation by the 334th Detached Spetsnaz group in the Afghan villages of Sangam and Daridam on April 21, 1985, during the Soviet\u2013Afghan War. Mujahideen forces ambushed the Soviet force in Maravar Gorge, cutting off its 1st company and inflicting heavy casualties. As Russian reinforcements arrived, the mujahideen covered the civilian evacuation of the gorge and successfully carried out a fighting withdrawal.", "war    entity was an operation by the 1st Company, 334th Spetsnaz Group in the Afghan villages of Sangam and Daridam on April 21\u201322, 1985 during the Soviet War in Afghanistan. Following the fighting, Captain Tsebruk, commander of the Soviets, was killed while engaging in combat with the mujahideen.", "music    entity is a song performed by English rock band New Order. It was released as a 12-inch single on 7 March 1983 through Factory Records. It appeared on certain cassette and CD versions of the band's second studio album, Power, Corruption & Lies . The track was written and produced by Gillian Gilbert, Peter Hook, Stephen Morris, and Bernard Sumner.", "music    entity is a song by New Order, released as a single on March 7, 1983 by Factory Records. The song has been remixed and covered extensively since its original release, and has become a popular anthem in the dance club scene.", "actor    entity is an American rapper, actor, and filmmaker. His lyrics on N.W.A's 1988 album Straight Outta Compton contributed to gangsta rap's widespread popularity, and his political rap solo albums AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted , Death Certificate , and The Predator were critically and commercially successful. He has also had an active film career since the early 1990s. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of N.W.A in 2016.", "actor    entity is an American rapper and actor, screenwriter, film producer and director. He was a member of the NWA and then the Westside Connection, before pursuing a successful solo career in music and film. He began his career as a member of the hip-hop group NWA. He left NWA in December 1989.", "actor    entity is an American documentary filmmaker, author, and left-wing activist. His works frequently address the topics of globalization and capitalism. Moore won the 2002 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature for Bowling for Columbine, which examined the causes of the Columbine High School massacre and the overall gun culture of the United States. He also directed and produced Fahrenheit 9/11, a critical look at the presidency of George W. Bush and the War on Terror, which earned $119,194,771 to become the highest-grossing documentary at the American box office of all time. The film also won the Palme d'Or at the 2004 Cannes film festival. His documentary Sicko, which examines health care in the United States, is one of the top ten highest-grossing d", "actor    entity is an American writer and director of committed documentaries.", "sportsman    entity is a Moroccan footballer, who plays for Raja Beni Mellal. Benjelloun, who is also known as Benji, has represented the Morocco national football team. He started his career in his native Morocco, before moving to Scottish Premier League club Hibernian in 2006. Benjelloun had some success at Hibs, scoring twice in the 2007 Scottish League Cup Final win, but was twice loaned to Belgian clubs afterwards before being released at the end of his contract in 2010. Benjelloun then signed for Egyptian Premier League club Ismaily SC, but returned to his native Morocco in January 2011.", "sportsman    entity is a Moroccan footballer born January 28, 1985 in Fez. He plays as an attacker at FAR Rabat and also played for the Moroccan national team.", "singer    entity is the former keyboardist of Swedish progressive death metal band Opeth, and a member of Michael Amott's stoner metal band Spiritual Beggars. Wiberg was born in Borl\u00e4nge. He toured with Opeth from the 2003 Deliverance/Damnation tour onward, and joined Opeth officially in 2005. Wiberg provided backing vocals for Opeth in addition to his keyboard duties. Before joining Spiritual Beggars he was a member of Death Organ, a band based in Borl\u00e4nge. He has also fronted the band Boom Club, of the same area.", "singer    entity is a pianist best known for being the keyboardist for Swedish progressive death metal band Opeth from 2003 to 2011. He is a member of Michael Amott's stoner band, Spiritual Beggars. Wiberg toured Deliverance/Damnation in 2003 with Opeth, before officially joining the band in 2005, Wiberg provided backing vocals in addition to his keyboard playing. He left the band on a 'mutual decision' between himself and the others members.", "sports team    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing with the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League . Niku was selected by the Winnipeg Jets in the 7th round of the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.", "sports team    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays as a defenseman with the Montreal Canadiens in the NHL.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Flo Rida, and was released on March 18, 2008 under Atlantic, and Poe Boy Entertainment. It spawned three singles; the first, \"Low\" was number one on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 for 10 weeks. The second, and third singles, \"Elevator\", and \"In the Ayer\", were successful as well, being top 20 hits. \"Roll\" featuring Sean Kingston was not an official single, but it managed to peak at number 59 on the US Billboard Hot 100, and number 43 on the Canadian Hot 100 due to digital sales in both countries.", "music    entity is Flo Rida's first studio album, released on March 18, 2008. There are many guests on this first Flo Rida album, including T-Pain who poses on the chorus of the first single Low. Timbaland produces and poses on the second single, Elevator. The third single, In the Ayer, is produced by will.i.am. We also find Lil Wayne on the title American Superstar, Sean Kingston who appears on the title Roll produced by JR Rotem.", "school    entity is a private higher education institution founded in 1623. It is one of the oldest, most traditional, and prestigious Colombian universities, directed by the Society of Jesus, with its main facilities in Bogot\u00e1 and a second campus in Cali. \"La Javeriana\", as it is known by its students, has traditionally educated the Colombian elite. It is one of the 33 universities entrusted to the Society of Jesus in Latin America and one of 167 around the world.", "school    entity is a Colombian Catholic university founded by the Jesuits in 1604. Suppressed in 1767, it was reborn in 1931 and is today one of the most important and prestigious academic institutions in Colombia, with more than 24,000 students and more than 3,000 teachers. The Pontifical University Javeriana' is one of the 28 universities in Latin America that are part of the network of academic institutions of the Jesuit educational tradition.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Jessica Simpson from her fifth studio album, A Public Affair. The song was written by Diane Warren and produced by Stargate. It was released on September 26, 2006 by Epic Records, as the second single from the album. Originally the song was not included in the standard version of the album, but was released in a version of Walmart as a bonus track. The lyrics of entity is constructed in verse-chorus format and focuses on the dissatisfaction of love.", "music    entity is the second single from American singer Jessica Simpson, taken from entity's fifth album, released on September 26, 2006. The track is written by Diane Warren and composed by Stargate.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper Big Sean. It was released on June 28, 2011, by GOOD Music and Def Jam Recordings. Recording sessions took place from 2010 to 2011, with Kanye West serving as the only executive producer on the album. The record serves as Big Sean's first studio release, under the whole entity series, following these mixtapes such as entity Vol. 1: The Mixtape , entity Vol. 2: UKNOWBIGSEAN and entity Vol. 3: Big .", "music    entity is Big Sean's debut studio album, released on June 28, 2011. It has sold nearly 400,000 copies in the United States.", "war    entity is a Japanese anime television series produced by Toei Animation. It is an adaptation of the first 194 chapters of the manga of the same name created by Akira Toriyama, which were published in Weekly Sh\u014dnen Jump from 1984 to 1995. The anime is composed of 153 episodes that were broadcast on Fuji TV from February 1986 to April 1989. It was broadcast in 81 countries worldwide. It is part of the entity media franchise.", "war    entity is a 153-episode, 25-minute Japanese anime television series, adapted from the eponymous manga by Akira Toriyama and produced by Toei Animation.", "music    entity is a studio album by American jazz musician Thelonious Monk. It was his third album for Riverside Records, and the first, for this label, to include his own compositions. The complex title track required over a dozen takes in the studio.", "music    entity is an album by jazz pianist Thelonious Monk released in 1957 on the Riverside label. While the two previous records for this label consisted of standards and performed as a trio, this one is mainly composed by Monk who is accompanied by six musicians. The group is mainly formed by a quintet where Monk is associated with saxophonists Sonny Rollins and Ernie Henry, double bassist Oscar Pettiford and drummer Max Roach.", "music    entity is a documentary by D.A. Pennebaker of the Toronto Rock and Roll Revival, a one-day festival held September 13, 1969 at Varsity Stadium on the campus of the University of Toronto and attended by some 20,000 persons. The event was produced by John Brower and Ken Walker. John Lennon, who seven days later would unofficially resign as a member of the Beatles, played as part of the Plastic Ono Band, whose members also included Yoko Ono, Klaus Voormann, Alan White, and Eric Clapton. Their set was released as the album Live Peace in Toronto 1969.", "music    entity is a musical documentary directed by DA Pennebaker about the Toronto Rock and Roll Revival Festival, a festival held on September 13, 1969 at the University of Toronto's Varsity Stadium which attracted over 20,000 spectators.John Lennon performed there with his group the Plastic Ono Band, which also included Yoko Ono, Eric Clapton, Klaus Voorman and Alan White, and whose performance was released on disc a few months later under the title, Live Peace in Tor.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Jay-Z from his twelfth studio album Magna Carta Holy Grail. It features vocals from American singer Justin Timberlake and serves as the album's first single. It was produced by The-Dream, Timbaland and J-Roc, with additional production from No ID and contains elements of Nirvana's 1991 hit single \"Smells Like Teen Spirit\". Following the release of the album, the song charted in many regions, entering at number eight and reaching number four on the US Billboard Hot 100, as well as charting at number seven on the UK Singles Chart. entity has sold over 3.4 million copies in the United States as of 2018.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Jay-Z in duet with Justin Timberlake, the 1st single from his 12th studio album Magna Carta... entity. The song won the Grammy Award for Best Rap/Singing Collaboration at the 56th Ceremony Grammy Awards in January 2014.", "movie    entity is the second film from Bulgarian director Kamen Kalev. It is a Bulgarian-Swedish production telling the story of a young Parisian couple spending their vacation on a small island off the Bulgarian Black Sea coast. The film premiered 16 May 2011 at the Directors\u2019 Fortnight in Cannes 2011.", "movie    entity is the second Bulgarian and Swedish film by director Kamen Kalev in the official selection at the Quinzaine des R\u00e9alisateurs at Cannes in 2011.", "music    entity is an American pop rock band from Los Angeles, California. It currently consists of lead vocalist Adam Levine, keyboardist and rhythm guitarist Jesse Carmichael, lead guitarist James Valentine, drummer Matt Flynn, keyboardist PJ Morton and multi-instrumentalist and occasional bassist Sam Farrar. Original members Levine, Carmichael, bassist Mickey Madden, and drummer Ryan Dusick first came together as Kara's Flowers in 1994, while they were still in high school.", "music    entity is an American pop rock band from Los Angeles, California. The group has won numerous awards for its first album Songs About Jane, released in June 2002, which topped the charts, becoming triple platinum in many countries. Likewise, their second album, 1.22.03.Acoustic, which includes live tracks, in an acoustic version, from the album Songs About Jane, is certified platinum.", "city    entity is a village in Croatia, located in the border with Slovenia.", "city    entity is a locality in Croatia located in the municipality of Delnice, in the county of Primorje-Gorski Kotar. In 2001, the locality had 17 inhabitants.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles from their 1969 album Abbey Road. It was written by George Harrison, the band's lead guitarist. Together with his second contribution to Abbey Road, \"Here Comes the Sun\", it is widely viewed by music historians as having marked Harrison's ascendancy as a composer to the level of the Beatles' principal songwriters, John Lennon and Paul McCartney. Two weeks after the album's release, the song was issued on a double A-side single, coupled with \"Come Together\", making it the first Harrison composition to become a Beatles A-side. The pairing was also the first time in the United Kingdom that the Beatles issued a single containing tracks already available on an album. While the single's commercial performance was lessened by this, it top", "music    entity is a Beatles song, written by George Harrison and released on the Abbey Road album on September 26, 1969. It was released as a \"double A-side\" single a month later, along with John Lennon's Come Together. is the only song by George Harrison to appear as the A-side of a single by the group and to reach number one on the charts in many countries, particularly the United States.", "music    entity is the third album by Vanessa Carlton, released by The Inc. Records on October 9, 2007. It is co-produced by Irv Gotti, Linda Perry and Third Eye Blind lead singer Stephan Jenkins, who produced Carlton's second album, Harmonium , and Carlton co-wrote the tracks with Perry and Jenkins. It is Carlton's first album on The Inc. Records, after Irv Gotti signed her to a record deal there in late 2006, and Gotti has said that entity is the first album on which he is acting as \"co-pilot\" rather than \"dictator\".", "music    entity is an album by Vanessa Carlton, released on October 9, 2007 in the United States and October 22, 2007 in Europe by Universal Motown via Irv Gotti's label. The singer describes it as the best she has composed so far. here.", "war    entity is a 2016 American action mystery thriller film directed by Ron Howard and written by David Koepp, loosely based on the 2013 novel of the same name by Dan Brown. The film is the sequel to The Da Vinci Code and Angels & Demons , and is the third and final installment in the Robert Langdon film series. It stars Tom Hanks, reprising his role as Robert Langdon, alongside Felicity Jones as Dr. Sienna Brooks, Omar Sy, Sidse Babett Knudsen, Ben Foster, and Irrfan Khan.", "war    entity is a 2016 American-Hungarian thriller film directed by Ron Howard.", "music    entity is the third studio album by English psychedelic folk band Tyrannosaurus Rex . It was released on 16 May 1969 by record labels Regal Zonophone and Blue Thumb, and was the last Tyrannosaurus Rex album to feature Steve Peregrin Took.", "music    entity is the third album by the rock band Tyrannosaurus Rex, released in 1969. Relations between Marc Bolan and Steve Peregrin Took were increasingly conflicted at the time, and Took was eventually fired from the band after entity's release. He is replaced by Mickey Finn.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Gers in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "music    entity is an English record producer and audio engineer. He has won four Grammy Awards, for Producer of the Year and Album of the Year for 1985, Record of the Year for 1990, and Engineer of the Year for 1993. A 1992 poll in Mix magazine voted him one of the world's \"Top Ten Most Influential Producers\". Padgham's co-productions include hits by Phil Collins, XTC, Genesis, the Human League, Sting, and the Police. He pioneered the \"gated reverb\" drum sound used most famously in Collins' song \"In the Air Tonight\".", "music    entity is a British music producer. He has won numerous awards, including Producer of the Year in 1985. He began his career at Adivision studios, on recording sessions for Yes and Emerson, Lake and Palmer, then at Townhouse studios.", "music    entity is the debut single by British band Depeche Mode. It was recorded in December 1980 at Blackwing Studios and originally released in February 1981 in the UK via Mute Records. It was not commercially released in the United States.", "music    entity is Depeche Mode's very first single recorded at Blackwing Studios, released on February 20, 1981 in the United Kingdom. The single was not released in either the United States or France. Two remixes of the song were released, one with a ducking effect, and the other with an ending of its own.", "music    entity is a song by American hip-hop artist 50 Cent, released as the fourth and final single from his debut album, Get Rich or Die Tryin' . The song is one of four on the album to be produced by hip-hop producer Dr. Dre, with co-production from frequent collaborator Mike Elizondo. Lyrically, the song describes how 50 Cent believes that \"if I can't do it , it can't be done\".", "music    entity is a song by American rapper 50 Cent from his debut album, Get Rich or Die Tryin'. The song was released as the album's fourth and final single on November 24, 2003. The Dr. Dre-produced track was released on March 15, 2004 as a CD maxi, featuring Poppin' Them Thangs, the band's second single, as a B-side. G-Unit.Upon release, the song was a reasonable commercial success.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Kelly Clarkson and the title song from her fifth studio album, Stronger . Originally titled as \"What Doesn't Kill You \", the song served as the album's second single on January 17, 2012, through RCA Records. Written by J\u00f6rgen Elofsson, Ali Tamposi, and David Gamson, with additional writing and production by Greg Kurstin, entity is an uptempo song which draws from the genres of dance-pop and electropop. Its lyrical content mainly explores themes of empowerment and recovery following a heartbreak, with the chorus inspired by a Friedrich Nietzsche quotation: \"That which does not kill us makes us stronger.\"", "music    entity is a song performed by American singer Kelly Clarkson. The title is taken from his fifth studio album, Stronger. The song is written by J\u00f6rgen Elofsson, Ali Tamposi, David Gamson, Greg Kurstin, and produced by Kurstin. It was sent on January 17, 2012 to world radio as the second single from the singer's fifth opus, succeeding \"Mr. Know It All\".", "sportsman    entity is a Portuguese retired professional footballer who played as a central midfielder, and a manager. Best known for his spell at Benfica, for which he appeared in 318 competitive matches over eight and a half seasons, scoring 58 goals. He was also a leading figure for the national team during the better part of the 1980s and, after retiring, he embarked on a lengthy spell as coach.", "sportsman    entity is a Portuguese former footballer, now a coach.", "singer    entity is an American actress, author, producer and humanitarian. Lusha gained recognition for playing Carmen Lopez on the globally syndicated ABC sitcom George Lopez, a role that earned her two consecutive Young Artist Awards for Leading Young Actress in a Comedy or Drama. After transitioning into film, she starred in Sony Pictures\u2019 Blood: The Last Vampire. Lusha also starred alongside David Hasselhoff and Ian Ziering in SyFy's television movie Sharknado: The 4th Awakens.", "singer    entity is an American-Albanian actress and author. She rose to international recognition and status by playing the character of Carmen Lopez in the worldwide hit sitcom A Family of Thunder, from 2001 to 2006. After the George Lopez series ended, Masiela Lusha continued her successful career in cinema, with good results at the American box office.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin. It was released on 28 March 1973 by Atlantic Records. The album benefited from two band members installing studios at home, which allowed them to develop more sophisticated songs and arrangements and expand their musical style. Several songs subsequently became fixtures in the group's live set, including \"The Song Remains the Same\", \"The Rain Song\" and \"No Quarter\". Other material recorded at the sessions, including the title track, was shelved and released on the later albums Physical Graffiti and Coda. All instruments and vocals were provided by the band members Robert Plant , Jimmy Page , John Paul Jones , and John Bonham . The album was produced by Jimmy Page, and", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by Led Zeppelin, released on Atlantic Records in 1973. It contains the hits Over the Hills and Far Away, No Quarter, D'yer Mak'er and The Song Remains the Same. in 1972, this disc was not released until a year later for problems with the album cover.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. Between 1 February 1973 and 1 January 1986 Rohr was merged with entity. The Guggenheim family is named after entity.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Bas-Rhin department, in the Alsace region. It is part of the Community of communes of Kochersberg.", "school    entity is a person who studies and writes about the past and is regarded as an authority on it. Historians are concerned with the continuous, methodical narrative and research of past events as relating to the human race; as well as the study of all history in time. If the individual is concerned with events preceding written history, the individual is a historian of prehistory. Some historians are recognized by publications or training and experience. \"Historian\" became a professional occupation in the late nineteenth century as research universities were emerging in Germany and elsewhere.", "school    entity is a person who studies or communicates about history. Its task is to report past facts, to categorize them, then to propose a balanced and justified interpretation by sources, under the control of the informed public. The title of historian is not professionally recognized and instead relies on recognition by one's peers.", "music    entity is a song by the English musician Kate Bush. It was the first single to be released from her fourth album The Dreaming , though it was issued 15 months prior to the album, which was nowhere near completion at that time. The single peaked at no. 11 on the UK Singles Chart.", "music    entity is a song by British singer-songwriter Kate Bush. It is the 1st single to be taken from his album The Dreaming, although it was released 15 months before this 4th album was far from finished at that time. The single charted up to number 11 on the UK Singles Chart.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bra\u0144sk, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.", "airport    entity is a village in Bra\u0144sk Administrative District, Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in northeastern Poland.", "airport    entity is a railway station located in the commune of entity in the Somme department, France. The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains from Amiens to Laon. Its elevation is 94 m.", "airport    entity is a French railway station on the line from Amiens to Laon, located 1,500 m south of the city center of Chaulnes, in the Somme department in the Picardy region. It was commissioned in 1867 by the Northern Railway Company. It is a station of the French National Railway Company, served by TER Picardie trains.", "music    entity is the third single from Usher's album Usher. The single underperformed on the Billboard charts, peaking at number 42 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart, while missing the Billboard Hot 100 altogether. The music video was directed by Hype Williams.", "music    entity is the third single from the Usher album by American R'n'B artist Usher. Songs.", "company    entity is an American alternative investment management company based in New York City. In 2019, Blackstone converted from a publicly traded partnership into a C-type corporation. Blackstone's private equity business has been one of the largest investors in leveraged buyouts in the last three decades, while its real estate business has actively acquired commercial real estate. As of 2020, the company's total assets under management were approximately US$619 billion.", "company    entity is an American investment bank created in 1985 by Peter G. Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman, both from the former New York investment bank Lehman Brothers.", "actor    entity was an Andalusian painter and illustrator known for his imaginative work and magical realism In his artistics beginnings, between 1949 and 1953, he was influenced by the American comic artist Alex Raymond, creator of Flash Gordon. The panel, he said, began his connection with artistic expression.", "actor    entity was an Andalusian painter and illustrator known for his work of imagination and magical realism, In his artistic beginnings, between 1949 and 1953, was influenced by the American comic artist Alex Raymond, creator of Flash Gordon. The ball, he says, signified his initial connection to artistic expression.", "music    entity is the 12th studio album by English rock band Pink Floyd, released on 21 March 1983 in the United Kingdom and on 2 April in the United States through Harvest and Columbia Records. It comprises unused material from the previous Pink Floyd album, The Wall , alongside new material recorded throughout 1982. entity received mixed reviews, though retrospective reception has been more favourable. Though it reached number one in the UK and number six in the US, it was the lowest-selling Pink Floyd studio album worldwide since Meddle .", "music    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It is the eighth title of the album The Final Cut published in 1983. It was played live only by Roger Waters. She also appears on her DVD show In the Flesh: Live.", "competition    entity is notable as the first French Grand Prix to feature a massed start.", "competition    entity is a Grand Prix organized by the Automobile Club de France which was held in Strasbourg on July 16, 1922.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grajewo, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.", "airport    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Grajewo, in the powiat of Grajewo, voivodeship of Podlasie, in the north-east of the country.Portal of Poland Portal of Poland", "music    entity is a style and microgenre of electronic dance music that emerged out of jungle, hardcore, and drum and bass in the mid-to-late 1990s. It is characterized by very complex and intricate breakbeats and a wide palette of sampling sources played at high tempos.", "music    entity is a genre of electronic music, having emerged in the mid-1990s, characterized by the use of distorted kicks, breaks, and a wide range of samples, played at an accelerated tempo. It is derived from and related to the genres of techno hardcore, drum and bass, digital hardcore, noise music, and industrial music.", "music    entity is a song by the British rock band Queen. Although credited to the whole band, it was largely written by their drummer Roger Taylor, and is the eighth track on the band's 1991 album Innuendo.", "music    entity is a song by Queen, written by Roger Taylor. It was released in September 1991 in the United States and then in December 1991 as a double A-Side combined with Bohemian Rhapsody, two weeks after the death of Freddie Mercury. The single is taken from the album Innuendo. It won Best British Single at the 1992 Brit Awards.", "sportsman    entity is a Northern Irish footballer who plays as a striker for EFL Championship club Hull City. Having spent the majority of his youth career as a goalkeeper, he switched to striker in 2008 before turning professional in 2009. Magennis has previously played for Cardiff City, Grimsby Town, Aberdeen, St Mirren, Kilmarnock, Charlton Athletic and Bolton Wanderers.", "sportsman    entity is a Northern Irish footballer, born August 15, 1990 in Bangor, Northern Ireland. He currently plays in the Scottish League at Kilmarnock FC as a striker.", "war    entity is a 1982 American action film directed by John Frankenheimer and written by John Sayles, Richard Maxwell, and Marc Norman. The film stars Scott Glenn and Toshir\u014d Mifune, and features several aikido-based action scenes choreographed by Steven Seagal, prior to the start of his own film career.", "war    entity is a 1982 American drama film directed by John Frankenheimer.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Hopsin. The album was released on November 19, 2010, through Funk Volume. The album contains guest appearances from rappers SwizZz and Cryptic Wisdom. Like its predecessors, the album's production was entirely handled by Hopsin himself. entity was supported by two singles, \"Nocturnal Rainbows\" and \"Sag My Pants\". Despite the release of the previous album, Gazing at the Moonlight, Hopsin considers entity as his debut album. Upon release it peaked at number 46 on the Billboard Heatseekers Albums chart.", "music    entity is the second studio album by rapper Hopsin, released on November 19, 2010. It is inspired by Eminem in several songs like Sag My Pants and How You Like Me Now. The rapper mainly sings with SwizZz who signed on the same label as him.", "music    entity is a song by American hip hop recording artist Kanye West, released as the lead single from his fifth studio album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy . The song features additional vocals by soul singer Dwele and is co-produced by West and Symbolyc One. It is built around samples of \"21st Century Schizoid Man\" by King Crimson, \"Afromerica\" by Continent Number 6, and \"It's Your Thing\" by Cold Grits. After having recorded it in Hawaii, West reported that 5,000 man-hours were spent developing entity. In its lyrics, West comments about the United States, his mental health and his critics. Its chorus features an abrasive vocal-riff.", "music    entity is a song by Kanye West in duet with Dwele. It is the first single from the album My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy. A remix of \"entity\" featuring Jay-Z and Swizz Beatz was also released and featured on the internet as part of GOOD Fridays, a promotional operation for the rapper.", "music    entity is a raw and energetic style of rock and roll that flourished in the mid-1960s, most notably in the United States and Canada, and has experienced a series of subsequent revivals. The style is characterized by basic chord structures played on electric guitars and other instruments, sometimes distorted through a fuzzbox, as well as often unsophisticated and occasionally aggressive lyrics and delivery. Its name derives from the perception that groups were often made up of young amateurs who rehearsed in the family garage, although many were professional.", "music    entity is a genre of rock that emerged in the United States and Canada in the mid-1960s. At that time, the style was not yet identified or given a name. But the Nuggets compilation, published in 1972, manages to standardize and describe the style.", "music    entity is the thirteenth studio album by the American rock band Toto . Toto released the album on March 20, 2015. It is the band's first studio album since Falling in Between in 2006.", "music    entity is the title of the fourteenth studio album by American rock band Toto. The album is scheduled for release on March 20, 2015 in Europe and March 24 in the United States. This album also marks the return of Joseph Williams to singing, 27 years after The Seventh One.", "music    entity is a song by Belgian singer Stromae. On 3 February 2014 it was released as the fourth single from his second studio album Racine carr\u00e9e where it appears as the opening track. On 17 March 2014 it was announced that it would become the official song for the Belgian football selection at the 2014 World Cup. An official music video for the song was also released by Stromae official Vevo channel.", "music    entity is a song by Belgian singer Stromae. It was released on February 3, 2014, as the 4th single from the Racine Carr\u00e9e album. It is also the official anthem of the Belgian football team for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Its music video, directed by Lieven van Baelen, was uploaded to YouTube on June 17, 2014.", "actor    entity was a Mexican-born American film and television actor whose career spanned seven decades from the 1920s until the 1980s. He was twice nominated for the Golden Globe Award in 1952 and 1964, and inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1960.", "actor    entity is an American actor, born Luis Antonio Damaso de Alonso on December 11, 1905 in Ju\u00e1rez, died of cancer on May 15, 1994 in Beverly Hills.", "war    entity was a war waged by coalition forces from 35 nations led by the United States against Iraq in response to Iraq's invasion and annexation of Kuwait arising from oil pricing and production disputes. The war marked the introduction of live news broadcasts from the front lines of the battle, principally by the US network CNN. The war has also earned the nickname Video Game War after the daily broadcast of images from cameras on board U.S. bombers during Operation Desert Storm. entity has gained notoriety for including three of the largest tank battles in American history.", "war    entity was a conflict that pitted Saddam Hussein's Iraq against a coalition of 34 states, supported by the United Nations Organization between 1990 and 1991. The predictable victory of the coalition led to the liberation of Kuwait, whose invasion in 1990 by the Iraqi army had triggered the outbreak of the conflict.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by English rock band Def Leppard, released on 3 August 1987 through Mercury Records. It is Def Leppard's best-selling album to date, selling over 20 million copies worldwide, including 12 million in the US, and spawning seven hit singles. The album charted at number one on both the Billboard 200 and the UK Albums Chart. Lasting 62 minutes and 32 seconds, the album is the band's longest to date.", "music    entity is an album by Def Leppard released in 1987. It notably contains the song Pour Some Sugar on Me. entity is the group's biggest commercial success with more than 20 million copies sold worldwide to date.", "city    entity is a municipality located in the province of C\u00e1ceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2006 census , the municipality has a population of 168 inhabitants.", "city    entity is a municipality in Spain, in the province of C\u00e1ceres, autonomous community of Extremadura.Portal of Extremadura Portal of Extremadura", "music    entity is a French-language song written by Francis Cabrel. It is taken from his second album Les Chemins de traverse released in 1979 that sold over 600,000 copies in France. The single entity became a hit single for Francis Cabrel in France, Quebec , Europe and internationally. Spanish singer Manzanita interpreted the song to Spanish flamenco audience making the hit song popular again for the second time. It is considered Cabrel's most definitive hit alongside \"Je t'aimais, je t'aime, je t'aimerai\".", "music    entity is a song by Francis Cabrel, included in the album Les Chemins de traverse released in 1979. The album sold more than 600,000 copies in France and the song that came from it, Je l love to die, sold more than 500,000 copies, remains the biggest sale of Francis Cabrel as a single.", "mountain    entity is a mountain on the border between Vorarlberg, Austria and Bavaria, Germany. \n* v \n* t \n* e \n* v \n* t \n* e", "mountain    entity is a peak in the Alps, 2,059 m above sea level, in the Allg\u00e4u Alps, and in particular in the mountains south-east of the Walsertal, between Austria and Germany. the mountain Portal of the mountain Portal of the Alps Portal of the Alps Portal of Austria Portal of Austria Portal of Germany Portal of Germany", "airport    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Landes department in the Aquitaine region.", "singer    entity was an American musician, singer, and songwriter. He achieved international fame for his long list of hit records, including his best-known song \"He Stopped Loving Her Today\", as well as his distinctive voice and phrasing. For the last two decades of his life, Jones was frequently referred to as the greatest living country singer. Country music scholar Bill Malone writes, \"For the two or three minutes consumed by a song, Jones immerses himself so completely in its lyrics, and in the mood it conveys, that the listener can scarcely avoid becoming similarly involved.\" The shape of his nose and facial features earned Jones the nickname \"The Possum\".", "singer    entity is known for his massive hits, for his voice and singing style, and for his marriage to Tammy Wynette. Jones has had more songs on the American country charts than any another singer.", "stadium    entity is an American football video game released in December 1995. The game was released on the Sega Saturn, Sega Genesis, Game Boy, Sega Game Gear, DOS, and Super Nintendo Entertainment System. The game's cover features San Francisco 49ers quarterback Steve Young passing while being tackled by Chicago Bears defensive linemen Chris Zorich and Albert Fontenot. The Saturn, SNES and DOS versions were developed by Iguana Entertainment, while the Game Boy edition was developed by Condor Inc.", "stadium    entity is an American football video game released in 1995 and runs on Mega Drive, PlayStation, Saturn, and Super Nintendo. The game was developed by Iguana Entertainment, Inc. and later published by Acclaim Entertainment, Inc..", "city    entity is a major business district located three kilometres west of the city limits of Paris. It is part of the Paris metropolitan area in the \u00cele-de-France region, located in the department of Hauts-de-Seine in the communes of Courbevoie, La Garenne-Colombes, Nanterre, and Puteaux.", "city    entity is the leading European business district in terms of the size of its office park.", "video game    entity is a browser-based, money-management and space-war themed massively multiplayer online browser game with over two million accounts. entity was created in 2002 and is produced and maintained by Gameforge. entity is available in multiple languages, and different nationalities have their own communities. The game does not differ between the nationality communities except in rare cases. Players are generally informed of news, rule changes, or new versions through the official forums.", "video game    entity is a space war strategy browser game with several million active accounts. entity is produced and maintained by Gameforge AG. It is presented as a free online game. entity is a puzzle and strategy game. First launched in Germany on October 3, 2002, the first universe of the French version of the game was launched on September 23, 2004.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Graian Alps in Italy, located between the Aosta Valley and Piedmont regions.", "mountain    entity is a peak in the western Italian Alps located between the provinces of Valle d'Aosta and Turin. Its altitude is 4,061 meters. It is part of the entity massif of which it is the highest and the only one to exceed 4,000 m. It is reputed to be one of the 4,000 most accessible Alps.", "city    entity is a department in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region in Eastern France. Named after the entity river, it is bordered by the rivers Sa\u00f4ne and Rh\u00f4ne. entity is located on the country's eastern edge, on the Swiss border, where it neighbours the cantons of Geneva and Vaud. In 2016, it had a population of 638,425. In the alphabetical ordering of French departments, used for postal and demographic purposes amongst others, entity comes first and is thus assigned the number 01 as its department number.", "city    entity is a French department in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region, whose name comes from the entity river. Insee and the Post Office assign it the code 01. Its inhabitants are called Bressans, Bugistes, Revermontois, Dombistes and Gessiens according to the natural regions of the department.", "war    entity is a 1983 American dark fantasy film directed by Jack Clayton and produced by Walt Disney Productions, from a screenplay written by Ray Bradbury, based on his 1962 novel of the same name. The title was taken from a line in Act IV of William Shakespeare's Macbeth: \"By the pricking of my thumbs / Something wicked this way comes.\" It stars Jason Robards, Jonathan Pryce, Diane Ladd, and Pam Grier.", "war    entity is a 1983 American film directed by Jack Clayton.", "music    entity is a 1983 album by Carlos Santana released as a solo project. It features covers of Bo Diddley and Chuck Berry songs and performances by Booker T & the MGs, Willie Nelson and the Fabulous Thunderbirds, and also Carlos' father Jose singing \"Vereda Tropical\", a song Carlos had first heard when his father was serenading his mother following an argument.", "music    entity is an album by Santana, dating from 1983. It contains covers of Bo Diddley and Chuck Berry.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by Japanese artist and musician Yoko Ono, released on Apple Records in December 1970. It was released simultaneously with her husband's album John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band. Backed by the Plastic Ono Band and, on one track, the Ornette Coleman Quartet, it followed the release of three experimental albums with Lennon and a live album from the 1969 version of the Plastic Ono Band. In the United States, it peaked at number 182 on the Billboard Top LPs chart.", "music    entity is Yoko Ono's first solo album, released on December 11, 1970. With the exception of \"AOS\", a live recording made in 1968 with Ornette Coleman, the entire album was recorded in October 1970 during the recording sessions for the John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band album, at Ascot Studios Sound and Abbey Road Studios, using the same musicians and production team. Only the musical style differs.", "music    entity is a 1963 album by jazz musician Bill Evans. It was recorded in July 1962 in New York City for Riverside Records. The entity Sessions is a 1982 Milestone album that includes the entirety of this album, and tracks recorded for Riverside on August 21 and 22 of the same year with a different lineup .The entity Sessions peaked at number 26 on the Billboard Jazz Albums charts in 1983. The CD reissue entity adds another take of \"I'll Never Smile Again\" as a bonus track. At the Grammy Awards of 1984, Orrin Keepnews won the Grammy Award for Best Album Notes for the reissue.", "music    entity is an album by jazz pianist Bill Evans recorded and released in 1962.", "music    entity is the third studio album by Canadian singer Alanis Morissette, released on June 13, 1995, through Maverick. It was her first album to be released worldwide. It marked a stylistic departure from the dance-pop sound of her first two albums, Alanis and Now Is the Time . Morissette began work on the album after moving from her hometown Ottawa to Toronto; she made little progress until she traveled to Los Angeles, where she met producer Glen Ballard. Morissette and Ballard had an instant connection and began co-writing and experimenting with sounds. The experimentation resulted in an alternative rock album that takes influence from post-grunge and pop rock, and features guitars, keyboards, drum machines, and harmonica. The lyrics touch upon themes of aggression", "music    entity is Alanis Morissette's third studio album, her first internationally released album. It marks a turning point in his career with a change of musical direction and very introspective lyrics expressing his frustrations and anger. It reached number one on the album sales charts in several countries including the United States, United Kingdom and Canada and sold over 33 million copies worldwide.", "music    entity is a song by Spanish singer and songwriter Enrique Iglesias featuring American singer Ciara. It is the second single from his English greatest hits album Greatest Hits. The song was produced by RedOne who was a co-writer of the song alongside Iglesias and Frankie Storm.", "music    entity is a song by Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias and American singer Ciara from Enrique Iglesias' Greatest Hits compilation. Released in France on January 12, 2009, it is the second single from the album.", "music    entity is a song written by Jimi Hendrix and recorded by the Jimi Hendrix Experience. It was first released on their second album Axis: Bold as Love . Later, it appeared on the soundtrack for the 1969 film Easy Rider and the soundtrack for the 1991 film Point Break.", "music    entity is a song written by Jimi Hendrix and recorded with his band The Jimi Hendrix Experience. She is featured on the band's second album, Axis: Bold as Love, released December 1, 1967. She appears in the films Easy Rider and Point Break. She also appears in the 3rd episode of season 7 of Mad Men in the end credits.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles. Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, and recorded on 17 October 1963, it was the first Beatles record to be made using four-track equipment.", "music    entity is a Beatles song, written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. It was released as a single on November 29, 1963 in Great Britain, with This Boy as the B-side, and on December 26 in the United States, with I Saw Her Standing There as the B-side. Bretagne with a fourth consecutive No. 1 after Please Please Me, From Me to You and She Loves You, entity is the first Beatles title to climb to the top of the American Charts.", "music    entity is a song by the American rock band Nirvana, written by vocalist and guitarist Kurt Cobain. It is the ninth track on the band's third and final studio album, In Utero, released in 1993. The song was due to be released as the third single from In Utero in April 1994, but the single was recalled following Cobain's death the same month. The single was re-released, on limited edition 7 inch vinyl, for Record Store Day in April 2014, and charted at number 1 on the Billboard Hot Singles Sales chart.", "music    entity is the 9th song from Nirvana's In Utero album and lasts 3 min 39 s. It was planned that entity would be the 3rd single from the album but with the death of Kurt Cobain this did not happen. It was also decided on a clip for the song but that will not happen. According to Mr.", "war    entity is a 1935 American Western film released by Republic Pictures, directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring John Wayne. He appears as a \"singing cowboy\" in the film, with his singing voice dubbed by Glenn Strange, who later found lasting film fame himself as Frankenstein's Monster.", "war    entity is an American western directed by Robert N. Bradbury, released in 1935. Its relatively simple script is offset by a most remarkable black and white image by Archie Stout - who will later work with John Ford - and by the presence of John Wayne, as a rodeo ace who goes to the desert in search of his father's friend.", "army    entity is the land-based and largest component of the French Armed Forces. It is responsible to the Government of France, along with the other four components of the Armed Forces. The current Chief of Staff of the French Army is General Thierry Burkhard, a direct subordinate of the Chief of the Defence Staff . General Burkhard is also responsible, in part, to the Ministry of the Armed Forces for organization, preparation, use of forces, as well as planning and programming, equipment and Army future acquisitions. For active service, Army units are placed under the authority of the Chief of the Defe", "army    entity is one of the components of the French Armed Forces. Like the other components, it is placed under the responsibility of the Government.", "city    entity is a city on the Avon River within Perth County in southwestern Ontario, Canada, with a 2016 population of 31,465 in a land area of 28.28 square kilometres . entity is the seat of Perth County, which was settled by English, Irish, Scottish and German immigrants, in almost equal numbers, starting in the 1820s but primarily in the 1830s and 1840s. Most became farmers; even today, the area around entity is known for mixed farming, dairying and hog production.", "city    entity is a city in Ontario. It has a population of 30,885 inhabitants. entity was founded in 1832, and named after entity-upon-Avon, the birthplace of William Shakespeare. It is known for its theater festival.", "singer    entity was formed in 1962 by Antonio Romero Monge and Rafael Ruiz Perdigones . They are best known for their hit dance single \"Macarena\", released in August 1995. The song went on to become a worldwide success.", "singer    entity is a Spanish singing duo from the town of Dos Hermanas in the province of Seville. It is made up of singers Antonio Romero Monge and Rafael Ruiz. They achieved considerable attention and fame in southern Spain and across Europe for their song \"Macarena\", which was the hit of the summer of 1996.", "war    entity is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name. Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, it is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe . Written and directed by Joss Whedon, the film features an ensemble cast including Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, and Jeremy Renner as the Avengers, alongside Tom Hiddleston, Clark Gregg, Cobie Smulders, Stellan Skarsg\u00e5rd, and Samuel L. Jackson. In the film, Nick Fury and the spy agency S.H.I.E.L.D. recruit Tony Stark, Steve Rogers, Bruce Banner, and Thor to form a team capa", "war    entity is a 2012 American superhero film directed by Joss Whedon. It is based on the superhero team of the same name appearing in the comic book published by Marvel Comics and is the sixth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.", "mountain    entity are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps.", "mountain    The Alpes gr\u00e9es or Alpes graies designate a subset and a massif of the Franco-Italian Alps straddling the regions of the Aosta Valley and Piedmont and the department of Savoie, to which we can add Haute-Savoie and the canton of Valais.", "war    entity is the third album by Finnish symphonic death metal band Eternal Tears of Sorrow. It was their first album without the original three founding members of the band and the first EToS album with a five-member line-up. The guest vocalist on the album was Kimberly Goss of Sinergy, and on the Japanese Bonus CD, Heli Luokkala. The song \"Black Tears\" is a cover, originally written by Dan Swan\u679a for his band Edge of Sanity.", "war    entity is the third studio album by Finnish melodic death metal band Eternal Tears of Sorrow. The album was released in February 2000 under the Spinefarm Records label. It is the group's first album recorded without its original line-up.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles from their 1969 soundtrack album Yellow Submarine. Written by George Harrison, it was the first of four songs the band provided for the 1968 animated film Yellow Submarine, to meet their contractual obligations to United Artists. The song was recorded mainly in February 1967, during the sessions for Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, but the Beatles chose not to include it on that album. The group completed the recording two months later, straight after finishing work on Sgt. Pepper.", "music    entity is a Beatles song written by George Harrison which is on the album Yellow Submarine published in 1969. It is however older and was composed at the beginning of 1967 for the album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. On a cacophonous music, the song is a pretext for a settling of accounts with the company Northern Songs Ltd., in charge of publishing the compositions of the Beatles.", "video game    entity is an interactive fiction game for the Sinclair QL written by Rob Steggles of Magnetic Scrolls and published by Rainbird in 1985. In 1986, graphics were added and the game was released for additional home computers.", "video game    entity is a graphically-based, interactive fiction adventure game developed by Magnetic Scrolls and distributed by Rainbird, which was released in 1985 on Sinclair QL as QL-Pawn, but achieved great success in 1986 with its release on Atari ST. This version includes graphics, made by Geoff Quilley, which were very noticed at the time. In 2017, a remastered version, entity: Remastered', was released by Strand Games on Windows, MacOS, Linux, iOS and A", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Bas-Rhin department, in the Alsace region.", "sportsman    entity is an Ivorian footballer, currently playing for the Long Island Rough Riders.", "sportsman    entity is an Ivorian footballer, born November 23, 1983 in Abidjan, C\u00f4te d'Ivoire. He has played for the Houston Dynamo club since the 2008 season. Previously, he played with the DC United club.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Lot-et-Garonne department.", "actor    entity is a French film and television actress, who has appeared in over 60 film and television productions since 1972. An eight-time C\u00e9sar Award nominee, she won the C\u00e9sar Award for Best Supporting Actress for the 1986 film Manon des Sources. Her other film roles include La Belle Noiseuse , A Heart in Winter , Nelly and Mr. Arnaud , Mission: Impossible and 8 Women .", "actor    entity is a French actress. She was also an international ambassador for UNICEF from 1996 to 2006 and took part in numerous humanitarian activities. Committed, she got involved in supporting foreigners in an irregular situation. She is an officer of the Order of Arts and Letters.", "video game    entity is a video game development company located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Klei was formed in July 2005 by Jamie Cheng. They are best known for Eets series, Shank series, Mark of the Ninja, Don't Starve, Invisible, Inc. and Oxygen Not Included. As of January 2021, Klei is a subsidiary of Chinese holding conglomerate Tencent.", "video game    entity is a Canadian video game development studio founded in July 2005 and located in Vancouver. The studio mainly develops downloadable games, distributed on the PlayStation Network, Steam and Xbox Live Arcade platforms. His most notable titles are Shank, Shank 2, Mark of the Ninja, and Don't Starve.", "sportsman    entity is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays as a striker. He was voted Azerbaijani Footballer of the Year in 2009. Javadov started playing football at age 7 and attended one of the local football schools under Vagif Pashayev. He joined CSKA's youth system at 11, playing for the club's youth and reserve teams as a striker. In 2007, he left CSKA Moscow and joined Qaraba\u011f.", "sportsman    entity is an Azerbaijani footballer born on May 25, 1989 in Baku. He is currently playing at FK Qaraba\u011fA\u011fdam and Azerbaijan football team as a striker .", "music    entity is a song released as the last single from the third Foo Fighters' album There Is Nothing Left to Lose.", "music    entity is the fifth single from the album There Is Nothing Left to Lose released in 2000.", "singer    entity is an English singer and songwriter, best known as the lead singer and lyricist of the English rock band Led Zeppelin for all of its existence from 1968 up until 1980, when the band broke up following the death of John Bonham, the band's drummer.", "singer    entity is a British singer and harmonica player who was, from the formation of the group in 1968 until its dissolution in 1980, the singer and the author of most of the texts of the songs of Led Zeppelin, before continuing his career. solo and through various collaborations, notably in the 1990s with his old partner Jimmy Page with whom he shares the authorship of the vast majority of the original repertoire of the famous British rock band.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of Indonesia. Lying on the northwest coast of Java , it is the largest city in Southeast Asia, and also serves as the diplomatic capital of ASEAN. Jakarta is the centre of the economy, culture and politics of Indonesia. It has province level status which had a population of 10,562,088 as of 2020. Although Jakarta extends over only 664.01 square kilometres , and thus has the smallest area of any Indonesian province, its metropolitan area covers 9,957.08 square kilometres , which includes the satellite cities Bogor, Depok, Tangerang, South", "city    entity is the capital of Indonesia. It constitutes a 1st level subdivision of the same rank as the provinces under the name of special territory of the capital Jakarta, in Indonesian Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta. It is colloquially nicknamed \u201cBig Durian\u201d. Located at the northwestern end of the island of Java, it is crossed by the Ciliwung River which flows into Jakarta Bay.", "video game    entity is a boxing arcade video game released in 1988 by Taito. The name remained the same for all ported platforms, except for the Sega Genesis versions, which Sega released outside Japan as James 'Buster' Douglas Knockout Boxing featuring Buster Douglas himself in 1990 immediately after his upset victory over Mike Tyson.", "video game    entity is a boxing video game developed and marketed by Taito in 1988 on an arcade machine. The game has been adapted for Amiga, Atari ST, Commodore 64, FM Towns and Mega Drive. Sega renamed the Western Mega Drive version James \"Buster\" Douglas Knockout Boxing after Douglas' surprise win over Mike Tyson in 1990.", "movie    entity is an Italian film director, screenwriter, and actor.", "movie    entity is an Italian director, screenwriter and producer, born November 9, 1939 in Bobbio on the hills of the province of Piacenza, Italy.", "city    entity is a French department, created in 1968 after the split of the Seine-et-Oise department and located in the \u00cele-de-France region. It gets its name from the Oise River, a major tributary of the Seine, which crosses the region after having started in Belgium and flowed through north-eastern France.Charles de Gaulle Airport, France's main international airport is partially located in Roissy-en-France, a commune of Val d'Oise.", "city    entity is a French department belonging to the \u00cele-de-France region, created in 1968 following a dismemberment of the department of Seine-et-Oise. It constitutes the northern part of the Paris conurbation. It is one of the departments of the great crown.", "war    entity is a 2007 romantic drama film directed by Wong Kar-wai, his first feature in English. The screenplay by Wong and Lawrence Block is based on a Chinese-language short film written and directed by Wong. entity stars Norah Jones , Jude Law, David Strathairn, Rachel Weisz, and Natalie Portman. The cinematographer of this film was Darius Khondji. Christopher Doyle was Wong's cinematographer for his last seven features before entity, starting from Days of Being Wild .", "war    entity is a Franco-Sino-Hong Kong film directed by Wong Kar-wai, released in 2007. It is Wong's first English-language feature film. Singers Norah Jones and Cat Power made their film debuts there. It opened the 2007 Cannes Film Festival on May 16, 2007.", "music    entity is a song by The Who. It was released on the group's 1973 rock opera album Quadrophenia. Written and sung by Pete Townshend, the song has since become a fan favorite.", "music    entity is a song by The Who that appeared on the rock opera Quadrophenia.", "actor    entity was an Australian actor, writer, director, who also worked in Hollywood in the 1950s and 1960s.", "actor    entity was an Australian actor, producer, director and screenwriter.", "music    entity is a song by American R&B-soul singer Alicia Keys from her live album, Unplugged . Written by Keys, Kanye West, and Harold Lilly, the track features a Wurlitzer riff, and is built around a sample of Eddie Kendricks' 1977 song \"Intimate Friends\", written by Garry Glenn. It was released as the album's lead single in 2005 and peaked at number thirty-four on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100, becoming Keys' first single to miss the top twenty since 2002's \"How Come You Don't Call Me\", and failed to peak inside the top forty on Billboard Pop 100. It was nevertheless a big success on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, where it landed at number four.", "music    entity is the first single from American singer Alicia Keys' debut live album.", "sportsman    entity is a Moldovan professional football coach and a former player. He is an assistant coach with FC Milsami.", "sportsman    entity is a Moldovan footballer, who became a coach at the end of his career, who played as a defensive midfielder.", "mountain    entity is a mountain range spanning the borders of China, India, and Pakistan, with the northwest extremity of the range extending to Afghanistan and Tajikistan; its highest 15 mountains are all based in Pakistan. It begins in the Wakhan Corridor in the west, encompasses the majority of Gilgit-Baltistan , and extends into Ladakh and Aksai Chin . It is the second highest mountain range in the world and part of the complex of ranges including the Pamir Mountains, the Hindu Kush and the Himalayan Mountains. entity has eighteen summits over 7,500 m height, with four of them exceeding 8,000 m : K2, the second highest peak in the world at 8,611 m , Gasherbrum I, Broad", "mountain    entity is a mountain range located in the mountainous region of Gilgit-Baltistan, in northern Pakistan.", "singer    entity is a French jazz violinist. He works in avant-garde jazz, but he has also worked in post-bop and other contexts.", "singer    Dominique Pifar\u00e9ly, French violinist and composer born in B\u00e8gles in 1957, spent his childhood in Montreuil. He did his secondary studies there, as well as musical studies at the city's conservatory. Since 1978 he has devoted himself to jazz and improvised music, developing a career in which personal achievements and chosen collaborations mingle. He receives his first violin at the age of 6.", "music    entity is a 2007 album recorded by French pop singer Zazie. It was her sixth studio album, and her ninth album overall. It was released first digitally on 5 February 2007, then as a CD one week later. The album achieved success in francophone countries.", "music    entity is Zazie's sixth album, released on February 5, 2007 for download on the Internet, then commercially on February 12, 2007. As with Rodeo, Zazie composed all the titles of her opus with her two acolytes Jean-Pierre Pilot and Philippe Paradis. Once is not custom, the artist paid particular attention to the presentation of his album. Indeed, beyond a simple edition, entity was also released in a collector's edition.", "government    entity is a political party in Serbia, representing the Croat ethnic minority in the province of Vojvodina.", "government    entity is a Serbian political party founded in 1990.", "royal    entity was a Portuguese politician, who served as Prime Minister of Portugal from 1976 to 1978 and from 1983 to 1985, and subsequently as the 17th President of Portugal from 1986 to 1996. He was the first Secretary-General of the Socialist Party, from its foundation in 1973 to 1986.", "royal    entity is a Portuguese statesman, President of the Portuguese Republic from 1986 to 1996. Exiled in France, he joined the ranks of Portuguese Socialist Action, which became the Socialist Party, in which he stands out as one of the main executives.", "competition    entity was won by Jeremy Wariner of the United States, the sixth in what would ultimately be 7 consecutive American victories stretching from 1984 to 2008 and the 18th overall title in the event by the United States. The United States swept the podium for the 4th time in the event .", "competition    entity is won by the American Jeremy Wariner.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at the Adelaide Street Circuit on 13 November 1988. It was the sixteenth and final race of the 1988 Formula One World Championship, and the last race for which turbocharged engines would be eligible until the 2014 Australian Grand Prix.", "competition    entity was held on November 13 at the Adelaide Street Circuit.", "music    entity is the fifth single by American rock band Shinedown from their 2008 album The Sound of Madness. The song was written by Shinedown lead singer Brent Smith. The song was introduced in 2007, in an acoustic session on The Buckethead Show.", "music    entity is Shinedown's twelfth single, released in 2010.", "competition    entity was a category for professional tennis tournaments of the Women's Tennis Association from the 2009 WTA Tour until 2020, which replaced the previous Tier III and Tier IV categories. The winner of a WTA International adds 280 points to her WTA ranking. For the 2020 season, there were 32 tournaments, all knock-out tournaments with a prize money for every event at $275,000 .", "competition    entity are a category of women's tennis tournaments played on the WTA circuit. They result from a reform inaugurated in 2009, with a view to improving the legibility of the calendar of events.", "city    entity is a district of the city of Kaifeng, Henan province, China.", "city    entity is an administrative subdivision of Henan Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of Kaifeng City-Prefecture.", "music    entity was an American post-hardcore band from Denver, Colorado. It consisted of frontman Danny Stillman , Kyle Browning , Jake Hansen , Dan Gustavson , Jonathan Leary and Danny Cooper . They released three full-length albums, as well as an EP. Their 2009 album, The Hot N' Heavy, was charted by Billboard at No. 6 on the Top Heatseekers chart, No. 23 on the Independent Albums chart, and No. 192 on The Billboard 200.", "music    entity is an American Metalcore/Screamo band.", "music    entity is an album by American country music artist George Jones and features duets with Melba Montgomery and Judy Lynn, released in 1964 on the United Artists Records. Jones and Montgomery had scored a number one country hit with the duet \"We Must Have Been Out Of Our Minds\" in 1963 and released the album What's In Our Heart the same year. Jones and Montgomery popularized the male-female country singer genre throughout the decade. Lynn, a former beauty queen who had joined a nationwide tour of Grand Ole Opry performers as a teenager, sings on three of the tracks.", "music    entity is a collaborative album between American country music artists George Jones, Melba Montgomery and Judy Lynn. This album was released in 1964 on the United Artists Records label.", "sports team    entity was an ice hockey team based in Riga, Latvia. The team had played in the LHL since it was founded. In 2004-05 and 2005-06 seasons the club also iced a team in the Belarusian Hockey League, and in 2005-06 finished 3rd. entity was first foreign team to finish in top three of Belarusian Open Championship. The club has also played several years in the Continental Cup, winning silver in 2005-06 and 2007-08. Before the 2009-2010 KHL season the team was merged into HK Dinamo/Juniors R\u012bga, the farm club of KHL side Dinamo R\u012bga.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Riga, Latvia.", "royal    entity was the only daughter and youngest child of Grand Duke Vladimir Alexandrovich of Russia and Duchess Marie of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. Her husband was Prince Nicholas of Greece and Denmark and they were both first cousins of Emperor Nicholas II of Russia. She was also first cousin of Queen Juliana of the Netherlands and Alexandrine of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, Queen consort of Denmark.", "royal    entity is a member of the Hellenic royal family.", "music    entity is an EP by rapper Kurtis Blow, released in 1983 on Mercury Records. The title track and the song \"Got to Dance\" were both party-themed, but the other songs struck a sociopolitical tone.", "music    entity is an EP by Kurtis Blow, released in 1983.", "video game    entity is based in Nevada and is owned by Henk Rogers, Alexey Pajitnov and Blue Planet Software. The company is the exclusive licensee of Tetris Holding LLC, the company that owns Tetris rights worldwide. It licenses the Tetris brand to third parties.", "video game    entity is an American video game company based in Hawaii and headed by Henk Rogers. The company was founded in 1996 by the latter and by Alexey Pajitnov, creator of the Tetris puzzle game in 1984.", "mountain    entity is a mountain, 2,988 m , in the Venediger Group of Austria's High Tauern. It lies west of the and the border between the states of Salzburg and Tyrol runs over the summit. It may be climbed on a difficult mountain tour via a steep snowfield in about 1.\u00bd hours from the .", "mountain    entity is a mountain that rises 2,988 m above sea level in the Hohe Tauern, Austria.", "city    entity is the county seat of Van Buren County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 2,602 at the 2010 census, making it the most populous city in the county . The city was named for DeWitt entity, the New York governor who built the Erie Canal; he had also been a U.S. Senator from New York.", "city    entity is the county seat of Van Buren County, Arkansas, United States.", "city    entity is a large metropolitan city in the North Island of New Zealand. The most populous urban area in the country, entity has an urban population of about 1,463,000 . It is located in the entity Region\u2014the area governed by entity Council\u2014which includes outlying rural areas and the islands of the Hauraki Gulf, and which has a total population of 1,715,600. While Europeans continue to make up the plurality of entity's population, the city became multicultural and cosmopolitan in the late-20th century, with Asians accounting for 31% of the city's population in 2018. entity is also home to the largest Polynesian population in the world. The M\u0101ori-language name for entity is T\u0101maki Makaurau, meaning \"T\u0101maki desired by many\", in reference to th", "city    entity is the country's largest urban area. It is New Zealand's most populous city with around 1,300,000 people, and demographics indicate that it will continue to grow faster than the rest of the country.", "actor    entity was a British-American actress. The major works of her cinematic career spanned from 1935 to 1988. She appeared in 49 feature films and was one of the leading actors of her time. She was the oldest living and earliest surviving Academy Award winner until her death in 2020 and was widely considered as being the last surviving major star from the Golden Age of Hollywood cinema. Her younger sister was Oscar-winning actress Joan Fontaine.", "actor    entity is an American actress of English origin.", "actor    entity was an American actress and singer.", "actor    entity was an American actress.", "video game    entity is a platform game released in arcades by Namco in 1985. It was ported to the Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, Family Computer, and ZX Spectrum. entity runs on Namco Pac-Land hardware, but with a video system modified to support a 2048-color palette like that used in Dragon Buster. It uses a Motorola M6809 microprocessor, with a Hitachi HD63701 sub-microprocessor and Namco 8-channel waveform PSG for audio.", "video game    entity is a platform game developed and published by Namco on an arcade terminal in 1985. It is in isometric 3D following horizontal scrolling. The game was then converted to Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, Famicom and ZX Spectrum.", "war    entity is a 1999 Japanese crime action film directed by Takashi Miike.", "war    entity is a Japanese film directed by Takashi Miike and adapted by Hisao Maki and Sabur\u00f4 Takemoto from a manga by Hisao Maki. Released in 1999 and intended for the V-cinema market, Silver was originally intended as a sequel and ends in a fishtail in the middle of a key plot scene.", "broadcast    entity is an American English-language commercial broadcast television network that is operated by The CW Network, LLC, a limited liability joint venture between the CBS Entertainment Group unit of ViacomCBS, the owner of the defunct television network UPN; and the Studios and Networks division of AT&T's WarnerMedia, the parent company of Warner Bros., former majority owner of The WB. The network's name is an abbreviation derived from the first letters of the names of its two parent corporations .", "broadcast    entity is an American terrestrial television network resulting from the merger of The WB and UPN networks which took place in September 2006. The official launch of The CW took place on September 18, 2006. This network is owned equally by the Time Warner and CBS Corporation groups. It broadcasts the flagship programs of the two networks from which it inherits. With a population coverage of 95%, the intended target is among people aged 18-34.", "music    entity is an American DJ, songwriter and record producer based in Los Angeles. He is the co-creator and lead member of the electronic dancehall music project Major Lazer, a member of the supergroup LSD with Sia and Labrinth, a member of electronic duo Jack \u00dc with producer and DJ Skrillex, and a member of Silk City with Mark Ronson. He founded and manages record company Mad Decent, as well as co-founding the non-profit organization Heaps Decent. His 2013 EP, Revolution, debuted at number 68 on the US Billboard 200. The EP's title track was later featured in a commercial for Hyundai and is featured on the WWE 2K16 soundtrack.", "music    entity is an electronic music artist DJ and producer. His pseudonym comes from the fascination he had, as a child, for dinosaurs, and more particularly diplodocus.", "music    entity is a song by Irish rock band U2. It is the title track of their fourth album , and was released as the album's second single in April 1985. The band cited an art exhibition by victims of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki that was held at The Peace Museum in Chicago as the lyrical inspiration for the song. It became the band's third top-ten hit in the United Kingdom, reaching number six on the UK Singles Chart and number eight on the Dutch singles chart.", "music    entity is a song by Irish rock band U2, from the album of the same name. It is the fourth track of this album. His single was released on April 1, 1985.Rock portal Rock portal Music portal Music portal \u2022 Chanson section", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Alice in Chains. It is the opening track and the second single from their second album, Dirt . entity peaked at No. 24 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart and at No. 30 on the Alternative Airplay chart. The song was also included on the compilation albums Nothing Safe: Best of the Box , Music Bank , Greatest Hits , The Essential Alice in Chains . A live performance of the song is included on their live album Live .", "music    entity is the second single from American rock band Alice in Chains in support of their sophomore album Dirt and it charted at number one on the US charts. With a duration of two minutes thirty, it is with the title Intro the shortest composition of the album.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres south-west of Sierpc and 119 km north-west of Warsaw. From 1975\u20131998, the town administratively belonged to the province of Plock.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Sierpc in the county of Sierpc in the Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "war    entity are often cited as pioneers of heavy metal music. The band helped define the genre with releases such as Black Sabbath , Paranoid , and Master of Reality . The band had multiple line-up changes following Osbourne's departure in 1979, with Iommi being the only constant member throughout its history.", "war    entity is a British heavy metal band, founded in 1968 in Birmingham, UK.", "school    entity is a private research university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Founded by members of the Congregation of the Holy Spirit, Duquesne first opened as the Pittsburgh Catholic College of the Holy Ghost in October 1878 with an enrollment of 40 students and a faculty of six. In 1911, the college became the first Catholic university-level institution in Pennsylvania. It is the only Spiritan institution of higher education in the world. It is named for an 18th-century governor of New France, Michel-Ange Duquesne de Menneville.", "school    entity is a private Catholic university in Pittsburgh, United States.", "singer    entity is a French concert violinist and soloist.", "singer    entity is a French concert violinist soloist born in 1979.", "music    entity is a song by Zhu, an American electronic musician who has been active since the beginning of 2014. A remix extended play was released on June 29, 2014. entity peaked at number one on the US Dance chart.", "music    entity is a song by Zhu, an electronic music singer who has been active since early 2014. Since mid-2014, Zhu has remained anonymous, wishing to be judged solely on his music. An extended play remix was released on June 29, 2014. entity reached number 1 on the US Dance chart.", "music    entity is a mid-1990s British-based music and culture movement that emphasised Britishness. It produced brighter, catchier alternative rock, partly in reaction to the popularity of the darker lyrical themes of the US-led grunge music and to the UK's own shoegaze music scene. The movement brought British alternative rock into the mainstream and formed the backbone of a larger British popular cultural movement, Cool Britannia, which evoked the Swinging Sixties and the British guitar pop of that decade.", "music    entity is a sub-genre of British alternative rock born in the mid-1990s. It is characterized by the appearance of groups influenced by English formations of the 1960s and 1970s, while creating interesting derivations. Very popular with young people between 1994 and 1997, it was all the more criticized for its lack of innovation. The movement developed very quickly following the emergence of new trends from the end of the 1980s such as hip -hop.", "music    entity is the debut single released by R&B artist Usher for the soundtrack album Poetic Justice. entity was released separately in 1996 for Epic Records and was produced by Tim Thomas and Teddy Bishop. The song peaked at #56 on the Billboard's Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.", "music    entity is R'n'B singer Usher's debut single from the album Poetic Justice. entity was made in 1993 for Epic Records and was produced by Tim Thomas and Teddy Bishop. The song reached No. 56 on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.", "war    entity is the fourth full-length album by American deathcore band Carnifex. It was released worldwide on October 24, 2011 through Victory Records. It is the band's last album to feature lead guitarist Ryan Gudmunds.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by American deathcore band Carnifex. The album was released on October 24, 2011 under the Victory Records label.", "music    entity is the first remix album by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, released on 23 November 1992.", "music    entity is the first album of remixes by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, released in 1992, shortly after the end of the exploitation of the album L'Autre.... It will sell 300,000 copies. More than a simple compilation, the album, consisting of two CDs in its French version, brings together the remixes of fifteen singles by the singer from 1986 to 1992 from the albums Cendres de lune, So be I..., In concert and L 'Other....", "music    entity is a reggae\u2013dancehall song written by Sean Paul for his third album The Trinity . The single meant to be released after \"Temperature\" was \"Breakout\", but was switched to \"Give It Up To Me\" to promote the film Step Up . It is the fourth U.S. single taken from the album and the fifth UK single. It was a split single with \"Never Gonna Be the Same\", which was released outside the North America in June 2006 but it was finally released worldwide in October 2006. The version released as a single Give It Up to Me\", in order to differ from the album version) was a collaboration with Keyshia Cole and the song was a single from the Step Up film soundtrack. Despite The Tr", "music    entity is a reggae\u2013dancehall song written by Sean Paul for his third album, The Trinity, released in 2005. After the release of the single Temperature, the title Breakout was scheduled for release, but it was ultimately chosen as entity to accompany the promotion of the film Sexy Dance. It is the fourth single taken from the album in the United States and the sixth for the United Kingdom.", "music    entity is a single released by the British rock band Status Quo in 1976. It was included on the album Blue for You. The song concerns a young man's encounter with a prostitute. The B-side was \"Drifting Away\", from the band's 1974 album Quo. The song was reprised, in 2014, for the band's thirty-first studio album Aquostic . It was featured in the ninety-minute launch performance of the album at London's Roundhouse on 22 October, the concert being recorded and broadcast live by BBC Radio 2 as part of their In Concert series.", "music    entity is the second single from the album Blue for You by English band Status Quo. Shortened by almost three minutes from the version on the album which is 6 minutes 44 seconds long, it will reach number 11 in the charts . British. The B side is a track from the album Quo, Drifting Away.", "sports team    entity are a professional American football team based in Chicago. The Bears compete in the National Football League as a member club of the league's National Football Conference North division. The Bears have won nine NFL Championships, including one Super Bowl, and hold the NFL record for the most enshrinees in the Pro Football Hall of Fame and the most retired jersey numbers. The Bears have also recorded more victories than any other NFL franchise.", "sports team    entity are a National Football League franchise based in Chicago, Illinois. The Bears are members of the North Division of the National Conference. Since their inception, the Bears have won only one Super Bowl in January 1986 against the New England Patriots and lost one in February 2007 against the Indianapolis Colts.", "video game    entity is a run and gun game developed and released by Konami in arcades in 1985. It was ported to home systems, becoming a critical and commercial success for arcades and home computers. It was released as entity internationally, and as Rush'n Attack in North America as a play on \"Russian attack\" due to its Cold War setting.", "video game    entity is an action video game developed and marketed by Konami in 1985 on an arcade terminal. The game achieved some success and was ported to various home systems. It had an arcade sequel in 1989, MIA: Missing In Action.", "video game    entity is a puzzle-platform game first released for the Nintendo Family Computer by Namco under the \"Namcot\" brand name in Japan on July 18, 1986. It was the 16th installment of the \"Namcot Family Computer Game Series\". Most recently the game was distributed on the Wii U Virtual Console in 2014. The game's goal is to solve the puzzle of each of the 64 levels of the ancient Tower of Babel and reach the top of the tower. The player controls the protagonist, Indy Borgnine, who must avoid enemies while rearranging L-shaped blocks in order to reach each level's exit.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game released in 1986 for the Famicom. The game was developed and then published by Namco.", "movie    entity is a 1996 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti. It is the ninth chapter in the Fantozzi film series.", "movie    entity is an Italian comedy directed by Neri Parenti and released in 1996; it is the ninth chapter of the saga of the adventures of the fictional character Ugo Fantozzi.", "sports team    entity are an American professional basketball team based in Phoenix, Arizona. They compete in the National Basketball Association , as a member of the league's Western Conference Pacific Division. The Suns are the only team in their division not to be based in California, and play their home games at the Footprint Center. They are also the only team to play for Phoenix, as the other three teams all play for the state of Arizona.", "sports team    entity are an NBA basketball franchise.", "music    entity is an English rock band, formed in Stockport, England, in 1972. The group initially consisted of four musicians \u2013 Graham Gouldman, Eric Stewart, Kevin Godley and Lol Creme \u2013 who had written and recorded together since 1968. The group featured two songwriting teams. Stewart and Gouldman were predominantly pop songwriters, who created most of the band's accessible songs. Godley and Creme were the predominantly experimental half of entity, featuring art and cinematically-inspired writing.", "music    entity is I'm Not in Love, released in 1975. They are also the origin of the songs Rubber Bullets, Silly Love, Wall Street Shuffle and Dreadlock Holiday.", "body of water    entity is now completely dry due to the dams built on the Kor River by the government.", "body of water    entity is a salt lake in Fars Province, southern Iran. It is located about 160 km east of the city of Shiraz and about 15 km west of Neyriz. With an area of \u200b\u200babout 3,500 km2, Bakhtegan is the second largest lake in the country. It is fed by the Kor River.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejska G\u8d38rka, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres east of Miejska G\u8d38rka, 16 km north-east of Rawicz, and 83 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u8245.", "stadium    entity is a village in the gmina of Miejska G\u00f3rka in Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "war    entity is the seventh studio album by power metal band Stratovarius, released on 5 October 1998 through Noise Records. It reached No. 1 on the Finnish albums chart and remained on that chart for 17 weeks. \"SOS\" was released as a single, reaching No. 2 on the Finnish singles chart and remaining on that chart for eleven weeks. In 2019, Metal Hammer ranked it as the 7th best power metal album of all time.", "war    entity is the seventh studio album by Finnish power metal band Stratovarius, released in 1998 by Noise Records.", "music    entity is the third studio album by rap duo Capone-N-Noreaga, released on March 17, 2009. It was the duo's first album in nine years.", "music    entity is Capone-N-Noreaga's third studio album, released on March 17, 2009. The album ranked #21 on the Top Independent Albums, #21 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and #136 on the Billboard 200.", "actor    entity was a British mathematician. His research interest was in the field of discrete mathematics, especially graph theory.", "actor    entity is a British-Canadian mathematician. His research has mainly focused on discrete mathematics, in particular on graph theory.", "sportsman    entity is a Costa Rican retired football player.", "sportsman    entity is a Costa Rican international football player, who played as a defender before becoming a coach.", "city    entity was the continuation of the Roman Empire in its eastern provinces during Late Antiquity and the Middle Ages, when its capital city was Constantinople. It survived the fragmentation and fall of the Western Roman Empire in the 5th century AD and continued to exist for an additional thousand years until it fell to the Ottoman Empire in 1453. During most of its existence, the empire was the most powerful economic, cultural, and military force in Europe.", "city    entity is characterized by its longevity: it draws its origins from the very foundation of Rome, and the dating of its beginnings changes according to the criteria chosen by each historian. The foundation of Constantinople, its capital, by Constantine I in 330, as much as the division of an increasingly difficult Roman Empire", "army    entity is a training regiment of the Foreign Legion in the French Army.Prior to assuming the main responsibility of training Legion recruits, the 4th Foreign Regiment was an infantry unit which participated in campaigns in Morocco, Levant, French Indochina, and Algeria.", "army    entity is the crucible of the Foreign Legion. He has been stationed in Castelnaudary since 1976, when he arrived from Corsica. It is not projectable in operation. It is the training regiment of the Foreign Legion. This is where the volunteers are trained, during a 17-week cycle within one of the CEVs.", "city    entity is a county-level city of Sichuan Province, Southwest China, it is under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Chengdu. It is located around 60 kilometres from downtown Chengdu. The city is located on the western edge of the Sichuan Basin and in the foothills of the entity Mountains that bound the basin from the west, and is bordered by the prefecture-level city of Ya'an to the west.", "city    entity is a city in Sichuan province in China. It is a city-district under the administrative jurisdiction of the sub-provincial city of Chengdu.", "music    entity is a song recorded by Romanian singer Inna for her second studio album, I Am the Club Rocker . The song was released in late 2011 as the fourth single from the album. It was written and produced by Play & Win members Sebastian Barac, Radu Bolfea and Marcel Botezan. A flamenco-influenced mid-tempo club-ballad, entity features an acoustic and Spanish guitar in its instrumentation.", "music    entity is a song by Romanian artist Inna. It was released as the fourth single from his second studio album, titled I Am the Club Rocker, on November 25, 2011. The song was written and produced by Play & Win, the longtime producer and manager group of 'Inna. The singer unveiled the track on her YouTube channel, accompanied by a promotional clip including the titles Put Your Hands Up and WOW, two weeks before the release of the album. Since its publication", "music    entity is the fourth full-length Finntroll album. It was released on March 28, 2007. The album is the first to feature vocalist Mathias Lillm\u00e5ns, who replaced Tapio Wilska in 2006. Unlike in Nattf\u00f6dd, the lyrics for this album were written by the band's original vocalist, Jan \"Katla\" J\u00e4msen. This and other factors appear to contribute to a darker, more black metal feel. A music video for \"Nedg\u00e5ng\" was released in April.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by Finnish folk metal band Finntroll, released on April 2, 2007.", "war    entity was an American metalcore band based in Pennsylvania.", "war    entity is an American metalcore band.", "actor    entity was a Canadian stand-up comedian, writer, and actor who was known for his deadpan style and poetic, sometimes old-fashioned turns of phrase. Throughout his career, he appeared in numerous films and was a regular favorite comedian panelist of talk show hosts, with many considering him to be the ultimate late night comedy guest.", "actor    entity is a Canadian actor, voice actor and comedian. He is best known as a character on Saturday Night Live. He has repeatedly put his talent to the test in comedy clubs across Canada, the United States, and Australia. At the beginning of his career, he wrote a few sitcoms such as Roseanne as well as memorable sitcoms such as The Drew Carey Show and Infos FM.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Charente department. It is located north of the agglomeration of Angoul\u00eame and is part of its urban area. Its inhabitants are the Chani\u00e9rauds and the Chani\u00e9raudes.", "music    entity is an American musician, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist. He has received critical acclaim for his innovative electric guitar playing. His music spans several genres, including progressive metal, funk, blues, bluegrass, ambient, and avant-garde music. He performs primarily as a solo artist, although he collaborated with a wide variety of artists such as Bill Laswell, Bootsy Collins, Bernie Worrell, Iggy Pop, Les Claypool, Serj Tankian, Bill Moseley, Mike Patton, Viggo Mortensen, That 1 Guy, Bassnectar, and Skating Polly. He was also a member of Guns N' Roses from 2000 to 2004. He has recorded 325 studio albums, four special releases, and one EP. He has performed on more than fifty albums by other artists.", "music    entity is an American guitarist and songwriter. Buckethead always appears masked and carries an upturned cardboard bucket on his head, from which he gets his stage name. He rarely leaves his home and avoids exposing himself in public. He responds to interviews through a puppet named Herbie.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by English electronic music band Depeche Mode. It was first released on 22 March 1993 in the United Kingdom by Mute Records and a day later in the United States by Sire Records and Reprise Records. The album incorporated a more aggressive, darker rock-oriented tone than its predecessor Violator , largely influenced by the emerging alternative rock and grunge scenes in the United States.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by British band Depeche Mode, released in 1993.", "singer    entity is a French musician who blends rock music with elements of world music. He originally worked with the heavy metal band Marienthal, and also produced several solo albums. He has written over 100 tracks for the TV show European coast seen from the sky. He participated in Alan Simon's rock operas Anne de Bretagne, Excalibur: The Celtic Rock Opera and started working with Martin Barre touring and recording with him.", "singer    entity is a French guitarist and singer-songwriter, born in 1961 in Rouen. He uses the basics of rock and metal, which he associates with elements of world music on current texts. After being part of the heavy metal groups Marienthal and Road 66, he began to produce several solo albums in which he clarified his universe.", "music    entity is the fourth album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, his third release on the ECM label, and is performed by Garbarek with Arild Andersen and Edward Vesala.", "music    entity is the fourth album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, released in 1973 on the Edition of Contemporary Music label. This disc was recorded by a trio made up of Garbarek on saxophones, Arild Andersen on double bass, and Edward Vesala on percussion.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Monaco on 26 May 1974. It was race 6 of 15 in both the 1974 World Championship of Drivers and the 1974 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The 78-lap race was won by Lotus driver Ronnie Peterson after he started from third position. Jody Scheckter finished second for the Tyrrell team and Shadow driver Jean-Pierre Jarier came in third.", "competition    Results of the 1974 Monaco Grand Prix, raced on the Monaco circuit on May 26, 1974.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band The Cure, released as a single in October 2001 from their best-of compilation Greatest Hits released the same year.", "music    entity is a single from The Cure released on October 16, 2001. The song entity is featured on the Greatest Hits compilation released a month later. The single also features a non-compilation track, Signal To Noise, a remix of entity, as well as a CD-Rom track with the video clip of entity.", "royal    entity was a princess of Raiatea and Tahaa from the family, a Polynesian royal family. She was wife of Ari'imate of Huahine, founder of the Teururai dynasty which reigned on the Tahitian island of Huahin\u00e9 and Maia'o during the 19th century. She was Queen of Huahine and Maia'o and later Queen regnant in her own right. Comteporary sources seems to call her Tehaapapa I instead, disregarding the ruling queen by the same name at the time Captain Cook visited the island. Se was installed as Queen of Huahine in 1868 until her death in 1893.", "royal    entity is a 19th century Polynesian sovereign. She reigned over the small independent kingdom of Huahine and Maia'o from September 1868 until her death in May 1893. Born Princess Maerehia in Tamatoa, she descended directly from the Tamatoa line of Raiatea.", "music    entity is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her fifth album, Loud . The album's lead single, it was released on September 10, 2010. Crystal Johnson wrote the song in collaboration with producers Stargate and Sandy Vee. Rihanna contacted Stargate before Loud's production and asked them to create lively, uptempo music. entity was the first song composed for the album, and the singer decided to include it on the track list before she recorded her vocals. Backed by strong bass and synthesizer, it is a dance-pop song that has an electronic composition. Its lyrics describe Rihanna demanding physical attention from her lover.", "music    entity is a song performed by Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna. The song is written by Crystal Johnson and produced by Norwegian Stargate and French DJ producer Sandy Vee. The track was released on September 13, 2010 on legal download platforms. It is the first single from his fifth studio album, Loud. The title is of a tempo positioned between fast and slow and is of a dance pop style.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Lubart\u00f3w, which lies 25 kilometres north of the regional capital Lublin. The county also contains the towns of Kock, lying 23 km north-west of Lubart\u00f3w, and Ostr\u00f3w Lubelski, 18 km east of Lubart\u00f3w.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Lublin Voivodeship in southeastern Poland.", "music    entity is the eleventh studio album by English synth-pop duo Pet Shop Boys. Released on 5 September 2012, it is the duo's final album with Parlophone. The album was recorded in 2012 in Los Angeles and produced by Andrew Dawson and Pet Shop Boys.", "music    entity is the eleventh studio album by Pet Shop Boys, released in the UK on September 10, 2012. It is the band's last to be released on the Parlophone label. It was conceived and recorded between Berlin and Los Angeles. It includes the singles, Winner, Leaving and Memory of the Future.", "city    entity is a town in the district of Oberwart in the Austrian state of Burgenland.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of Oberwart in Burgenland, Austria.", "movie    entity is a 1998 film by Ventura Pons, originally titled Car\u94c6cies in Catalan.", "movie    entity is a film by Catalan-Spanish director Ventura Pons.", "sports team    entity is the ice hockey department of sports club Allm\u00e4nna Idrottsklubben based in Stockholm, Sweden. Since 2014, AIK's men's team compete in HockeyAllsvenskan, the second tier of ice hockey in Sweden, following a four-year spell in the top flight, the SHL. The women's team competes in Riksserien, the highest division of women's ice hockey. AIK's home games are mainly played at Hovet, which seats 8,050 spectators, though some high-profile games may be played at Avicii Arena which has a larger capacity of 13,850.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey team from Solna, City of Stockholm in Sweden. The team plays in Elitserien. This is the ice hockey section of the entity sports club.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American rap rock band Limp Bizkit, released on September 23, 2003, through Flip and Interscope Records. It is the band's only release under the sole-leadership of vocalist Fred Durst after the temporary departure of guitarist Wes Borland, who left in 2001. Guitarist Mike Smith of Snot was brought in to replace Borland, although his time with the band was brief, and Durst along with a number of guests ended up handling the majority of the album's guitar work.", "music    entity is Limp Bizkit's fourth studio album, released on September 23, 2003. It ranked #3 on the Billboard 200 and Top Internet Albums and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on June 3, 2008 .The album was recorded twice, the first version of which was never released.", "video game    entity is an open and royalty-free video coding format developed by Google. entity is the successor to VP8 and competes mainly with MPEG's High Efficiency Video Coding .At first, entity was mainly used on Google's video platform YouTube. The emergence of the Alliance for Open Media, and its support for the ongoing development of the successor AV1, of which Google is a part, led to growing interest in the format.", "video game    entity is an open codec developed by Google. He was named at the beginning of its development Next Gen Open Video and VP-Next. entity will be the successor to VP8.", "actor    entity is a French architect and urbanist. He graduated from the \u00c9cole Nationale des Beaux Arts in Paris in 1970 and has since been noted for his bold designs and artistic touch; his projects reflect a sensibility to their environment and to urbanism that is a founding principle of his work. He was awarded the Pritzker Prize in 1994.", "actor    entity is a French architect and urban planner. In 1994, he was the first Frenchman to receive the Pritzker Prize. In 2004, he received the Grand Prix de l'urbanisme.", "music    entity is a song recorded by Romanian singer Inna for her second studio album, I Am the Club Rocker . Written and produced by Play & Win members Sebastian Barac, Radu Bolfea and Marcel Botezan, it was made available for digital download on 20 April 2012 as the fifth single from the record through DIY Records. Musically, entity is an electropop song.", "music    entity is a eurodance song by Romanian singer Inna released on April 5, 2012. The 5th single from the 2nd studio album I Am the Club Rocker, the song was written and produced by Play & Win band members: Sebastian Barac, Marcel Botezan, Radu Bolfea. entity was the most legally downloaded title in Romania in the 1st week of April 2012.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by the British rock band Queen. It was released on 30 June 1980 by EMI Records in the UK and by Elektra Records in the US. entity features a different sound from its predecessor, Jazz . entity was the first Queen album to use a synthesizer .", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by British pop/rock band Queen, released in 1980.", "city    entity is a district in the north of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is bounded by the Baltic Sea and the districts Vorpommern-Greifswald, Mecklenburgische Seenplatte and Rostock. The district seat is the Hanseatic city of Stralsund. entity is characterized by diverse shore line landscapes with many lagoons, beaches and cliff lines, part of them protected in the Western Pomerania Lagoon Area National Park and in the Jasmund National Park.", "city    entity is a new district of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania in northeastern Germany. It was created by the reform of September 4, 2011. Its capital is the city of Stralsund. It brings together one hundred and six municipalities.", "music    entity is the fourth solo album from the English singer-songwriter Peter Hammill. It was released in July 1974. Much of the material was recorded in Hammill's home studio on simple four-track equipment. He then took the tapes to Trident Studios, where additional elements such as drumming from Van der Graaf Generator colleague Guy Evans, and layers of ARP 2600 analogue synthesizer were added. The album has a predominantly dark, gothic, claustrophobic feel, with the lyrics laced with apocalyptic, religious and existential imagery. \"Gog\" is a particularly intense and demonic song, featuring strident and aggressive vocals, grandiose harmonium chords, and powerful drumming. This segu\u00e9s into \"Magog\", which is virtually a musique concr\u00e8te piece of sinister drones,", "music    entity is Peter Hammill's fourth album, released in 1974.", "sportsman    entity is a French former professional footballer who played as a defender. He is the head coach of Championnat National 3 club Hauts Lyonnais. During the 2009\u201310 season, Reynaud played in Ligue 2 for AC Arles-Avignon. He joined Ch\u00e2teauroux the following season, remaining with the club until 2012.", "sportsman    entity is a French footballer, born March 2, 1983 in Saint-\u00e9tienne. He plays as a defender. Trained at AS Saint-\u00e9tienne, he then played notably at SC Schiltigheim, AS Yzeure, Vannes OC, La Berrichonne de Chateauroux and KV Courtrai. He has been under contract with Oud-Heverlee Louvain since June 2014.", "movie    entity is the soundtrack to the 2005 film of the same name, released on November 8, 2005 on G-Unit Records and Interscope Records. It features artists on the G-Unit label such as 50 Cent, Lloyd Banks, Young Buck, Tony Yayo, Olivia, and Mobb Deep. The album sold 320,000 copies in the first week, debuting behind country singer Kenny Chesney's The Road and the Radio. In December 2005, the RIAA certified the album Platinum. To date, the album has sold over three million copies worldwide.", "movie    entity is the soundtrack to the movie Get Rich Or Die, released in 2005. It ranked #1 on both the Billboard 200 and Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. At the end of the same year, it was classified platinum, totaling more than 3 million copies sold. The soundtrack was released following the release of The Massacre, 50 Cent's multi-platinum album.", "actor    entity is a fictional character and the main protagonist from the science fiction television series Fringe, which aired on the Fox Broadcasting Company in the United States from 2008 to 2013. The character was created by series' co-creator J. J. Abrams, and is portrayed by actress Anna Torv. Olivia is the series' protagonist, and was introduced as an FBI Special Agent, working for a multi-agency task force of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security called the Fringe Division, dealing with supernatural events that are linked to experimental occurrences. Having grown up with an abusive stepfather, Olivia struggles with the unexpected changes in her life, following her encounter with mentally unstable scientist Walter Bishop, and his son and an eventual love interest for her, Peter Bi", "actor    entity is one of the main characters of the American television series Fringe. A seasoned FBI agent, she finds herself involved in the investigations of the Fringe division, the agency's secret unit dedicated to scientific phenomena and excesses. She is played by Anna Torv.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Is\u00e8re department in southeastern France. It is the third-largest suburb of the city of Grenoble, and is adjacent to it on the west.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Is\u00e8re in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. The commune, which is located west of Grenoble, is part of the Grenoble-Alpes M\u00e9tropole metropolis.", "music    entity is a song by New Zealand singer Kimbra, featuring Mark Foster of the American indie pop band Foster the People and Canadian electro house DJ A-Trak. The song was written as a part of \"Three Artists, One Song\", an annual series by shoe company Converse. The song was initially released as a free download in the \"Three Artists, One Song\" website. The song was later included in international and special editions of Kimbra's debut studio album, Vows. entity was released as the fourth single from Vows on 4 May 2012. The song peaked #22 on the New Zealand RIANZ charts, and peaked #1 on the New Zealand NZ Artists RIANZ charts.", "music    entity is a song by New Zealand singer Kimbra in collaboration with Mark Foster, lead singer of Foster the People, and electro house DJ A-Trak. The song was written for Three Artists, One Song, the annual compilation produced by American clothing company Converse. The song was originally intended as a free download from the Three Artists, One Song website.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of \u0141\u00f3d\u017a, although the city is not part of the county . The county consists of areas to the east and south of the city, and contains three towns: Koluszki, which lies 24 km east of \u0141\u00f3d\u017a, Tuszyn, 20 km south of \u0141\u00f3d\u017a, and Rzg\u00f3w, 14 km south of \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "city    entity is a county in the \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship in southern Poland . It was established on January 1, 1999. Its seat is the city of \u0141\u00f3d\u017a , although it is not on its territory. The powiat has an area of \u200b\u200b499.32 km2 . In 2006, its population was 64,574, including 13,407 in Koluszki, 7,178 in Tuszyn and 3,338 in Rzg\u00f3w . Brzeziny county.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars, and the third single released from their second album A Beautiful Lie. The song impacted radio on October 17, 2006. The music video for the song is believed to be the first ever American music video shot in the People's Republic of China in its entirety. The music video is also the last video by the band to feature bass player Matt Wachter. The song won the Kerrang! Award for Best Single.", "music    entity is an alternative rock song by Thirty Seconds to Mars. entity is the band's fifth single, and the third single from the album A Beautiful Lie. It was released in the United States on November 7, 2006, in the United Kingdom on January 16, 2007, in Australia and Italy on April 20, 2007, in Latvia on February 4, 2007. the charts relatively correct.", "singer    entity is an English-born Australian musician, songwriter, and record producer. He is best known for being a member of the successful Australian pop duo Savage Garden, whose international hit singles included the songs \"I Want You\", \"To the Moon and Back\", \"Truly Madly Deeply\", \"I Knew I Loved You\", and \"Crash and Burn\". After Savage Garden split in 2001, Jones launched his own production company and a recording studio , to work with various new, young Australian artists.", "singer    entity is an Australian musician, music producer and composer. He was notably part of the pop duo Savage Garden with Darren Hayes. He has, since the separation of the group, founded his own production company Meridien Musik as well as the recording studio Level 7 Studios. Australia Portal Australia Portal Music Portal Music Portal", "music    entity is the debut and only album by British singer Mutya Buena. It was released on 4 June 2007 via Universal Records, following her departure from UK girl group the Sugababes in December 2005.", "music    entity is Mutya Buena's first solo album, released on June 4, 2007 in the UK. After leaving the girl band Sugababes, Mutya signed a contract with her previous label Universal, and more specifically the 4th And Broadway label which had just been reborn.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at Spa-Francorchamps on 24 August 1997. It was the twelfth race of the 1997 Formula One World Championship. With the win, Schumacher extended his lead over Villeneuve in the Drivers' Championship to 11 points with five races remaining.", "competition    Results of the 1997 Formula 1 Belgian Grand Prix which took place at the Spa-Francorchamps circuit on August 24th.", "competition    entity was held from August 26 to September 5, 2015 in Bangkok, Thailand.", "competition    The 28 Asian Amateur Boxing Championships took place in Bangkok, Thailand from August 26, 2015 to September 5, 2015.", "singer    entity is a three-time Victoires de la Musique award-winning Frenc] singer-songwriter and record producer with an avid following in her native country. Sanson plays piano and guitar.", "singer    entity is a French artist, singer, pianist, singer-songwriter, daughter of lawyer and politician Ren\u00e9 Sanson and mother of singer Christopher Stills.", "music    entity is the first compilation album by American singer Anthony Hamilton. It was released on June 20, 2005, by Atlantic and Rhino Records. His third album overall, the album is a collection of previously unreleased songs recorded by Hamilton. The song \"Love and War\", which features Macy Gray, appeared on the soundtrack to the 2001 film Baby Boy. entity debuted at number 12 on the Billboard 200 and number four on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, selling 53,000 copies in its first week.", "music    entity is the first compilation album by American RnB/Nu Soul singer Anthony Hamilton. Released in the United States on June 28, 2005 on the Atlantic Records/Rhino Records label, the album includes various songs never released.", "music    entity is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, released on the Milestone label in 1993, featuring performances by Rollins with Clifton Anderson, Tommy Flanagan, Bob Cranshaw and Jack DeJohnette with Jon Faddis, Byron Stripling, and Bob Stewart added on two tracks which were arranged by Jimmy Heath.", "music    entity is an album by tenor saxophonist Sonny Rollins released in 1993 on the Milestone label. Rollins is accompanied by trombonist Clifton Anderson, pianist Tommy Flanagan, bassist Bob Cranshaw, drummer Jack DeJohnette. Jon Faddis on flugelhorn, Alex Brofsky on French horn and Bob Stewart on tuba complete the line-up.", "government    entity is a minor political party in Serbia.", "government    entity is a Serbian centre-right political party. It was founded in 2004 and has its headquarters in Belgrade.", "war    entity was Napoleon's final campaign of the War of the Sixth Coalition. Following their victory at Leipzig in 1813, the Austrian, Prussian, Russian, and other German armies of the Sixth Coalition invaded France. Despite the disproportionate forces in favour of the Coalition, Napoleon managed to inflict some defeats, especially during the Six Days' Campaign. However, the campaign ended in total defeat for Napoleon as the Coalition kept advancing towards Paris as Napoleon was out of position to defend the capital, which capitulated in late March 1814. When Napoleon proposed the army march on Paris, his Marshals decided to unanimously overrule Napoleon in order to save Paris from further destruction. As a result, Napoleon was deposed and exiled to Elba and the", "war    entity is the end of the war linked to the Sixth Coalition, which takes place from January to April 1814 and during which Napoleon I tries to avoid or stop the invasion of France and to keep his throne.", "actor    entity is an American politician, lobbyist, and attorney who served as a United States Senator from Connecticut from 1989 to 2013. A former member of the Democratic Party, he was its nominee for Vice President of the United States in the 2000 election. During his final term in office, he was officially listed as an independent Democrat and caucused with and chaired committees for the Democratic Party.", "actor    entity is an American politician, former Democratic Senator who became an independent from Connecticut in the United States Congress and former Democratic candidate for Vice President of the United States in 2000.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, songwriter, media personality, actor, and businessman. His fame dates to 1992 when he featured on Dr. Dre's debut solo single, \"Deep Cover\", and then on Dre's debut solo album, The Chronic. Broadus has since sold over 23 million albums in the United States and 35 million albums worldwide.", "singer    entity is an American rapper and producer born on October 20, 1971 in Long Beach, California. Snoop Dogg was first known as an MC in the West Coast hip-hop scene, and to be one of producer Dr. Dre's proteges. His mother quickly nicknamed him \"Snoopy\" because of the expression on his face, and he took the alias Snoop Doggy Dogg when he started recording.", "war    entity is a Japanese josei manga series written and illustrated by Akimi Yoshida. It was serialized in Shogakukan's Monthly Flowers magazine from the August 2006 issue to the August 2018 issue . A film adaptation titled Our Little Sister, directed by Hirokazu Kore-eda and starring Suzu Hirose, was first announced in the June 2014 issue of Monthly Flowers. The film was released on June 13, 2015.", "war    entity is a josei manga written and drawn by Akimi Yoshida. It has been pre-published since August 2006 in Sh\u014dgakukan's Monthly Flowers magazine, and six volumes were released in July 2014. The French version has been published by Kana since April 2013. A live-action film adaptation is scheduled for June 2015.", "war    entity is an English-language French 2005 action-thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier. Written by Robert Mark Kamen and co-producer Luc Besson, it is the sequel to The Transporter , as well as the second installment of Transporter trilogy. The film stars Jason Statham, Alessandro Gassman, Amber Valletta, Kate Nauta, Fran\u00e7ois Berl\u00e9and, Matthew Modine, and Jason Flemyng. Both Statham and Berl\u00e9and reprise their roles as Frank Martin and Inspector Tarconi, respectively. In the story, Frank chauffeurs a young boy from Miami, Florida, who is soon kidnapped and tries to rescue him. The film was followed by Transporter 3 which was released in 2008.", "war    entity is a Franco-American film directed by Louis Leterrier, released in 2005.", "music    entity was a Canadian singer-songwriter, poet, and novelist. His work explored religion, politics, isolation, depression, sexuality, loss, death and romantic relationships. Cohen was inducted into the Canadian Music Hall of Fame, the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame, and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He was invested as a Companion of the Order of Canada, the nation's highest civilian honour. In 2011, Cohen received one of the Prince of Asturias Awards for literature and the ninth Glenn Gould Prize.", "music    entity is a Canadian poet, novelist and singer-songwriter. His first collection of poetry appeared in Montreal in 1956 and his first novel in 1963. Cohen's early songs were rooted in folk music, and sung with a deep voice. In the 1970s, his influences multiplied: pop, cabaret and world music.", "war    entity is a 2012 science fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott, written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof and starring Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender, Guy Pearce, Idris Elba, Logan Marshall-Green, and Charlize Theron. It is set in the late 21st century and centers on the crew of the spaceship entity as it follows a star map discovered among the artifacts of several ancient Earth cultures. Seeking the origins of humanity, the crew arrives on a distant world and discovers a threat that could cause the extinction of the human species.", "war    entity is a 2012 American science fiction film produced and directed by Ridley Scott. It stars Noomi Rapace, Michael Fassbender and Charlize Theron in the lead roles.", "music    entity is a single by British alternative rock band Placebo, released on 19 March 2001 on CD and 12\" vinyl, taken from their third album, Black Market Music. The title is slang for Ketamine, and the song itself is supposed to explore \"the link between drugs and love,\" and entity is uppers and the rush of falling in love.\"", "music    entity is a song by the group Placebo, released in 2000 on the album Black Market Music then as a single on March 19, 2001. \"Special k\" is the nickname of a very common drug at the time in the United Kingdom, the ketamine, made from an anesthetic for horses and very popular at rave parties. The song is a metaphor spun between taking this substance and falling in love at first sight; the moral of the story being that in matters of narcotics as well as love, everything that", "music    entity is the lead single taken from GRRR!, the 50th anniversary compilation album by the Rolling Stones. It was premiered on BBC Radio 2 on 11 October 2012. The song's recording marked the first time that Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Charlie Watts and Ronnie Wood had been in the studio together for seven years, since completing their 2005 album A Bigger Bang. A lyric video was released on YouTube the same day. The song charted at #61 on the UK Singles Chart, #26 on the Billboard Japan Hot 100 and #30 on the Billboard Rock Songs chart in October 2012.", "music    entity is a song by British band The Rolling Stones released on October 11, 2012 through Universal Music. Taken from the band's 50th anniversary compilation album, the song is written by Jagger/Richards. entity is produced by Don Was, The Glimmer Twins and Jeff Bhasker. Resolutely rock, this title returns to the fundamentals of the open G riff, played by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, as well as the very present voice of Mick Jagger.", "music    entity is the second album by the American hip hop group Da Youngsta's. it was released on April 20, 1993 by East West. The album has only two guest appearances: Pete Rock & CL Smooth on the song \"Who's the Mic Wrecka\" and Treach of Naughty by Nature on \"Crewz Pop\". It does, however, feature production from some of the most influential New York City producers, including DJ Premier, Pete Rock and Marley Marl. The album also has a notably more aggressive and edgy tone compared to their first effort. The album features three singles: \"Crewz Pop\", \"Iz U Wit Me\" and \"Wild Child\".", "music    entity is Da Youngsta's second studio album, released on April 20, 1993.", "city    entity is a municipality located in the province of C\u00e1ceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2006 census , the municipality has a population of 480 inhabitants.", "city    entity is a municipality in Spain, in the province of C\u00e1ceres, autonomous community of Extremadura.Portal of Extremadura Portal of Extremadura", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre. He is currently an assistant coach with the Stockton Heat in the American Hockey League .", "sports team    entity is a Canadian-Italian professional ice hockey player. His younger brother, Jonathan, is also a professional hockey player.", "army    entity were tactical units of the French National Police based in large cities in metropolitan France and in French overseas territories. GIPN units operated in metropolitan France from 1972 until 2015 when they were integrated into the RAID tactical unit as regional RAID (French: antennes RAID. Overseas territory units were integrated in 2019.", "army    entity are elite units of the French National Police, with a regional vocation, called upon to intervene in situations of extreme violence or high risk such as hostage-taking, acts of terrorism, mutinies in prisons or the arrests of dangerous individuals or madmen. They have specific skills and know-how which allow them to present themselves as the specialized components of the Police", "singer    entity was an American rhythm and blues saxophonist.", "singer    entity is an American rhythm and blues saxophonist and bandleader, born in Watts, Los Angeles, California in 1927.", "music    entity is a song by the German group Scooter. It was released in May 1995 as the third single from their first album ... and the Beat Goes On!. The song was covered in 2009 by Klostertaler, for a Scooter tribute album. In April 2011, an updated version of the original, entitled \"Friends Turbo\", was released as the theme to the film New Kids Turbo.", "music    entity is a song by Scooter from the album ...and the Beat Goes On!. The song appears on The Move Your Ass EP, released only in the UK.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the \u00d6tztal Alps in Austria. It has a summit elevation of 3,454 m above sea level.", "mountain    entity is a mountain that rises 3,453 m above sea level in the \u00d6tztal Alps, Austria.", "sports team    entity is an eligible receiver in gridiron football. A key skill position of the offense, it gets its name from the player being split out \"wide\" , farthest away from the rest of the offensive formation. A forward pass-catching specialist, the wide receiver is one of the fastest players on the field alongside cornerbacks and running backs. One on either extreme of the line is typical, but several may be employed on the same play.", "sports team    entity is an American or Canadian football player. He plays in the team's offensive formation. His role is to receive passes from the quarterback and thus often gain a lot of ground.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Corse-du-Sud and the Corse region. Located in the canton of Santa Maria Sicch\u00e8, it includes three hamlets: Cognocoli which is the capital, the village of Marato and that of Pratavone, known for its vines. The old hamlet of Monticchi is now abandoned.", "competition    entity is a French former racing driver who competed in 12 Formula One seasons . He participated in 165 World Championship Grands Prix winning seven of them, achieving 22 podium finishes and scoring 181 career points. His best finish in the World Drivers' Championship was third in 1983 for Ferrari. In 1977, Arnoux won the European Formula Two Championship. In 2006 he raced in the inaugural season of the Grand Prix Masters series for retired F1 drivers.", "competition    entity is a French racing driver born July 4, 1948 in Pontcharra. He was notably a Formula 1 driver from 1978 to 1989. He totaled 162 races, 18 pole positions, 22 podiums and 7 Grand Prix victories.", "war    entity is a 2D side-scrolling action-adventure video game developed by WayForward Technologies and published by Bandai Namco Games and D3 Publisher for the Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo DS. It is based on Pendleton Ward's animated television series Adventure Time for Cartoon Network. The game was released in North America for retail release on November 20, 2012, and digitally via Nintendo eShop on December 13, 2012. The 3DS version was later released in Europe and Australia on February 13, 2014, as a Nintendo eShop exclusive.", "war    entity is an action-adventure game developed by WayForward Technologies and published in 2012 by Bandai Namco Games and D3 Publisher for Nintendo 3DS and Nintendo DS. The game is based on the American animated series Adventure Time, created by Pendleton Ward. The game system is largely inspired by that of Zelda II: The Adventure of Link, with an overworld and a change of view in horizontal scrolling. Pendleton Ward, one of", "war    entity is a 1967 commedia all'italiana anthology film produced by Dino De Laurentiis in 1965. It consists of five comic stories, directed by Luchino Visconti, Franco Rossi, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Mauro Bolognini and Vittorio De Sica. Each story is about witches and features Silvana Mangano. This is one of De Laurentiis' more eclectic films. Clint Eastwood also makes an appearance in the final story. It was the last film starring Tot\u00f2 to be released in his lifetime.", "war    entity is a Franco-Italian sketch film released in 1967.Directors: Luchino Visconti \u2013 1st sketch: The Witch burned alive Mauro Bolognini \u2013 2nd sketch: Civic sense Pier Paolo Pasolini \u2013 3rd sketch: The Earth seen from the Moon Franco Rossi \u2013 4th sketch: The Sicilian Vittorio De Sica \u2013 5th sketch: An evening like any other", "music    entity is a song by R.E.M., released as the second single from their eleventh studio album Up. The song is somewhat minimalist, with Michael Stipe singing surreal lyrics in a percussive manner.", "music    entity is a song by alternative rock band REM released as the second single from their eleventh studio album Up.", "music    entity is an American jazz record label owned by Universal Music Group and operated under Capitol Music Group. Established in 1939 by Alfred Lion and Max Margulis, it derived its name from the blue notes of jazz and the blues. Originally dedicated to recording traditional jazz and small group swing, the label began to switch its attention to modern jazz around 1947. From there, Blue Note grew to become one of the most prolific, influential and respected jazz labels of the mid-20th century, noted for its role in facilitating the development of hard bop, post-bop and avant-garde jazz, as well as for its iconic modernist art direction.", "music    entity is a jazz label founded in 1939 in New York by Alfred Lion and Max Margulis. It now belongs to the EMI group. Its name comes from the characteristic blue note of jazz and blues.", "singer    entity is an American singer best known as the lead vocalist of the rock band Shinedown.", "singer    entity is the lead singer and songwriter of Shinedown. He is known for his impressive vocal range which spans four octaves.", "airport    entity is a castle of a local Purtse knight manor in Purtse, northeastern Estonia. It was built in the middle of the 16th century, probably by the landowner , at a time when late Gothic ways of building were slowly being abandoned in favour of Renaissance ideas. The building therefore contains partly elements which were archaic even for its time, and partly examples of renaissance architecture.", "airport    entity is a castle built in the Livonian period, one of the oldest stately castles in present-day Estonia. It is in the northeast of the country, in L\u00fcganuse 20 kilometers from the town of Kohtla-J\u00e4rve, in the region of Eastern Virumaa.", "language    entity is the statement that the number of points of intersection of two higher-order curves in the plane can be greater than the number of arbitrary points that are usually needed to define one such curve. It is named after the Genevan mathematician Gabriel Cramer. This paradox is the result of a naive understanding or a misapplication of two theorems: The resolution of the paradox is that in certain degenerate cases n / 2 points are not enough to determine a curve uniquely.", "language    In mathematics, and more specifically in algebraic geometry, Cramer's paradox states that the number of points of intersection of two high-degree curves can be greater than the number of points needed to define one of these curves.", "movie    entity is a 2012 American vampire horror film written and directed by Xan Cassavetes. The film played at the 2013 SXSW Film Festival and was released in theaters May 3, 2013. The filming locations were New York, NY and New Fairfield, CT.", "movie    entity is a 2013 American horror film written and directed by Alexandra Cassavetes.", "war    entity is an American supernatural drama television series developed by Ed Decter, based on the book series The Mortal Instruments written by Cassandra Clare. It premiered in North America on Freeform on January 12, 2016. Primarily filmed in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, the series follows Clary Fray , who finds out on her eighteenth birthday that she is not who she thinks she is, but rather comes from a long line of Shadowhunters, human-angel hybrids who hunt down demons, and has to deal with the struggle of forbidden love.", "war    entity is an American television series in 55 episodes of approximately 42 minutes developed by Ed Decter and broadcast between January 12, 2016 and May 6, 2019 on Freeform. The main theme of the series is young entity, shadow hunters in French, who protect the earthlings from dark creatures.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. Nikulin is currently playing with TUTO Hockey in the Finnish Mestis.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player.", "singer    entity is a British electronic musician and producer, also known for his work under several aliases such as Plug and Wagon Christ. Raised in Cornwall, Vibert began releasing projects in the 1990s across varied genres, including techno, drum and bass, and trip hop. He has recorded on labels such as Rephlex, Ninja Tune, Planet Mu, and Warp.", "singer    entity is a musician, DJ, composer of electronic music and artistic director, related to the genres IDM, electro, trip hop, electronica and has recently ventured into the acid techno genre.", "actor    entity was a Mexican poet and diplomat. For his body of work, he was awarded the 1977 Jerusalem Prize, the 1981 Miguel de Cervantes Prize, the 1982 Neustadt International Prize for Literature, and the 1990 Nobel Prize in Literature.", "actor    entity was a Mexican poet, essayist and diplomat, winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1990.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American avant-garde metal band Fant\u4e48mas, released on January 27, 2004, by record label Ipecac.", "music    entity is Fant\u00f4mas' third album, released by Ipecac record company in 2004.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolb\u00f3rz, within Piotrk\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Wolb\u00f3rz, Piotrk\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland .", "city    entity is a city and the administrative center of the Jablanica District in southern Serbia. According to the 2016 census, the city urban area has 63,964 inhabitants, while the city administrative area has 144,632.", "city    entity is a town in Serbia located in the district of Jablanica. As of the 2011 census, the city intra muros had 60,288 inhabitants and the territory of which it is the center, called City of entity, 144,206.entity is located at the foot of Mount Hisar, 290 km from Belgrade. entity is the administrative center of the Jablanica district. In the 12th century, Stefan Nemanja received the region as a gift from the Byzantine Empire.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Magnitogorsk, Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia. They are members of the Kharlamov Division of the Kontinental Hockey League. They also competed in the Champions Hockey League, losing the 2008\u201309 season championship round to Swiss club, the ZSC Lions. entity won the Gagarin Cup in the 2013\u201314 KHL season and the 2015\u201316 KHL season.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey club of Russia based in Magnitogorsk. He plays in the KHL.", "movie    entity is an American filmmaker, actor, comedian, comic book writer, author, and podcaster. He came to prominence with the low-budget comedy film Clerks , which he wrote, directed, co-produced, and acted in as the character Silent Bob of stoner duo Jay and Silent Bob. Jay and Silent Bob also appeared in Smith's later films Mallrats, Chasing Amy, Dogma, Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back, Clerks II and Jay and Silent Bob Reboot, which are set primarily in his home state of New Jersey. While not strictly sequential, the films have crossover plot elements, character references, and a shared canon known as the \"View Askewniverse\", named after Smith's production company View Askew Productions, which he co-founded with Scott Mosier.", "movie    entity is an American director, screenwriter, producer, actor and podcaster, born August 2, 1970 in Red Bank, New Jersey. He is the creator of the fictional universe View Askewniverse and co-founder, with his friend Scott Mosier, of the production company View Askew Productions.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Selena Gomez from her debut solo studio album, Stars Dance . It was made available for instant digital download along with the pre-order of the album on June 3, 2013. Hollywood Records later sent the song to mainstream radio as the second and final single from the album on August 13. The song was produced by The Cataracs and David Kuncio, and infuses EDM elements in its instrumentation. Lyrically, the song speaks of slowing down time and living in one, magical moment on the dance floor.", "music    entity is the second single from Mexican-American singer Selena Gomez, released worldwide on June 6, 2013 by Hollywood Records. This track is taken from Selena Gomez's first solo album, Stars Dance, released on July 23, 2013. The single is a mix of Dance-Electro.", "music    entity is the second solo studio album by the English singer Robert Plant, formerly of Led Zeppelin. It was Plant's second Top 10 album in the US and UK. It also gave him his first solo Top 40 hit with \"Big Log\". The most popular track on album-oriented rock radio in the US was \"Other Arms\", which reached number-one on the Billboard Top Tracks chart. Genesis' drummer Phil Collins played drums for five of the album's eight songs . On the other two tracks former Jethro Tull drummer Barriemore Barlow performed. On the closing track \"Big Log\", Gerald Woodroofe played a TR-808 drum machine.", "music    entity is Robert Plant's second studio album. It was released on July 11, 1983 on Atlantic Records and is produced by Robert Plant, Benji LeFevre and Pat Moran.", "city    entity is a remarkably well-preserved architectural assemblage in Dijon. The oldest part is the 14th and 15th century Gothic ducal palace and seat of the Dukes of Burgundy, made up of a logis still visible on place de la Liberation, the ducal kitchens on cour de Bar, the tour de Philippe le Bon, a \"guette\" overlooking the whole city, and tour de Bar. Most of what can be seen today, however, was built in the 17th and especially the 18th centuries, in a classical style, when the palace was a royal residence building and housed the estates of Burgundy. Finally, the 19th fa\u00e7ade of the mus\u00e9e on place de la Sainte-Chapelle was added on the site of the palace's Sainte-Chapelle, demolished in 1802. The Palace hou", "city    entity is an architectural ensemble comprising several intertwined parts: the oldest is the ducal palace of the 14th century and 15th century, in Gothic style, which still includes a dwelling, the ducal kitchens and two towers: the terrace tower, or Philippe le Bon tower and the Bar tower.", "actor    entity was an admiral in the United States Navy who served as Chief of Naval Operations from 1927 to 1930.", "actor    entity was a United States Navy admiral who notably served as Chief of Naval Operations.", "music    entity is an EP by the Breeders, released in 1992 on 4AD/Elektra Records. By the time of its release, Kim Deal had enlisted her twin sister Kelley to play guitar for the band. It is the only Breeders recording that features both Kelley Deal and Tanya Donelly.", "music    entity is the first EP and second album by American indie rock band The Breeders. Released on April 6, 1992 on the independent label 4AD, two years after their first opus and a year before the release of their second album, it is considered a transitional album, its quality being better than Pod, but not having reached the commercial success of Last Splash.", "music    entity is a remix album by Soulwax, released on 26 September 2005 through PIAS. The album comprises remixes of songs from their third studio album, Any Minute Now.", "music    entity is a Soulwax album released in 2005.", "city    entity is a Landkreis in Bavaria, Germany. It is bounded by the districts of Ostallg\u00e4u, Weilheim-Schongau and Bad T\u00f6lz-Wolfratshausen, and by the Austrian state of Tyrol.", "city    entity is a district of Bavaria located in the district of Upper Bavaria. Its capital is Garmisch-Partenkirchen.", "sports team    entity is a Swedish ice hockey team from the town of Leksand in the region of Dalarna. The team plays in the top-tier league, SHL, after succeeding through the 2019 SHL qualifiers and thus earning promotion to the SHL. The club's home arena is Tegera Arena, which seats 7,650 spectators.", "sports team    entity is a Swedish sports club from the municipality of Leksand in the region of Dalarna. The creation of the club dates back to 1919, at the time it had two sections: football and bandy.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "video game    entity is a standardized home computer architecture, announced by Microsoft and ASCII Corporation on June 16, 1983. It was initially conceived by Microsoft as a product for the Eastern sector, and jointly marketed by Kazuhiko Nishi, then vice-president at Microsoft and director at ASCII Corporation. Microsoft and Nishi conceived the project as an attempt to create unified standards among various home computing system manufacturers of the period, in the same fashion as the VHS standard for home video tape machines.", "video game    entity is a home-use microcomputer standard of Japanese origin, dating from the 1980s. Unlike most computers of the time, entitys were produced by various manufacturers. They were compatible with each other, both in hardware and software. Several versions of the standard have succeeded.", "music    entity is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was written by Bruno Mars, Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, Peter Svensson and Nina Persson, and produced by DJ Frank E. The song was released exclusively to iTunes as the first promotional single from Bieber's debut studio album, My World, on October 26, 2009.", "music    entity is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber. It was released exclusively on iTunes as the first digital-exclusive single on October 26, 2009, and is the third single from Justin Bieber's debut studio album, My World. The chorus lyrics are taken from The Cardigans' hit song Lovefool. The song is a fast-tempo synthpop song with hints of dance-pop and R&B.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotu\u0144, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Kotu\u0144 in the county of Siedlce in the Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "competition    entity was a Grand Prix motor race held at Monza on 8 September 1935.", "competition    entity is \u200b\u200ba Grand Prix counting towards the European Drivers' Championship, held at the Monza circuit on September 8, 1935.", "singer    entity is an American composer, best known for his TV theme music for various shows, including Law & Order; Law & Order: SVU; The A-Team; NYPD Blue; Renegade; The Rockford Files; L.A. Law; Quantum Leap; Magnum, P.I.; and Hill Street Blues.", "singer    entity is an American composer, born September 29, 1944 in Berkeley, California.", "city    entity is a consolidated city and county, the capital, and most populous city of the U.S. state of Colorado. Its population was 715,522 at the 2020 United States census, a 19.22% increase since the 2010 United States census. It is the 19th-most populous city in the United States and the fifth most populous state capital. It is the principal city of the entity\u2013Aurora\u2013Lakewood, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area and the first city of the Front Range Urban Corridor.", "city    entity is the capital and most populous city of the state of Colorado, United States.Located in the midwest of the country in the South Platte River Valley on the western flank of the Great Plains, the city is less than thirty kilometers east of the Front Range, the Eastern Cordillera of the Rocky Mountains. entity is nicknamed the Mile-High City because its exact official elevation is one mile above sea level.", "city    entity is a city in England. It is the county town and only city of entityshire. In 2017, its population was estimated at 152,450. It is 56 miles northwest of London, 64 miles southeast of Birmingham, and 61 miles northeast of Bristol. The city is home to the University of entity, the oldest university in the English-speaking world, and has buildings in every style of English architecture from late Anglo-Saxon. entity's industries include motor manufacturing, education, publishing, information technology and science.", "city    entity is a city in England and the administrative center of the county of entityshire in South East England. In 2008, there were approximately 153,900 inhabitants, including more than 30,000 students. The University of entity is the oldest university in the Anglo-Saxon world. The River Cherwell and the Thames flow through entity, south of the city centre.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 2 July 1950 at Reims-Gueux. It was race 6 of 7 in the 1950 World Championship of Drivers. The 64-lap race was won by Alfa Romeo driver Juan Manuel Fangio after he started from pole position. His teammate Luigi Fagioli finished second and Peter Whitehead took third in a privateer Ferrari.", "competition    entity was the sixth round of the Formula 1 world championship.", "competition    entity is a British former Formula One racing driver from Scotland. Nicknamed the \"Flying Scot\", he competed in Formula One between 1965 and 1973, winning three World Drivers' Championships and twice finishing as runner-up over those nine seasons. Outside of Formula One, he narrowly missed out on a win at his first attempt at the Indianapolis 500 in 1966, and competed in the Can-Am series in 1970 and 1971. Between 1997 and 1999, in partnership with his son, Paul, he was team principal of the Stewart Grand Prix Formula One racing team.", "competition    entity is a former Formula 1 racing driver, who raced between 1965 and 1973, winning three world championship titles. With his son Paul, he ran the Stewart Grand Prix team for three seasons, from 1997 to 1999, which he then sold to Ford, which ran it under the name Jaguar Racing.", "sportsman    entity is a Tunisian professional footballer who plays as a winger for SV Waldhof Mannheim.", "sportsman    entity is a Tunisian international footballer. He plays as a midfielder at Waldhof Mannheim.", "sports team    entity is a Finnish ice hockey team based at the Kupittaan j\u00e4\u00e4halli . Established in 1929, TUTO plays in Turku, Finland, and is one of two clubs in that city . The Full name of the club is entity. They play in the second highest ice hockey league in Finland, Mestis, having been relegated out of SM-liiga in 1996 .", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Turku, Finland. He evolves in Mestis, the second Finnish level.", "sportsman    entity is a Honduran footballer currently playing for Platense F.C. in the Liga Nacional de F\u00fatbol Profesional de Honduras as a Forward.", "sportsman    entity is a Honduran international footballer. He is currently playing as a striker with Paniliakos FC in the Greek second division championship. He is the cousin of Hendry Thomas, also a Honduran international, who plays for FC Dallas in the United States.", "music    entity is a 1985 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Myl\u00e8ne Farmer and is the first song written by the singer. It was released twice: first, on 25 September 1985 in a studio version as second single from Farmer's debut album Cendres de Lune, then on 12 May 1990 in a live mix version as second single from the live album En Concert. In spite of positive critics and a music video produced as a short film in cinemascope, the song achieved moderate success in France in terms of sales and chart performances.", "music    entity is a song performed by Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was his third single, released in November 1985, from his forthcoming debut studio album, Cendres de lune. This is the first song that Myl\u00e8ne Farmer will write herself.", "music    entity is a song performed by American recording group the Black Eyed Peas, taken from their fourth studio album, Monkey Business . It was released as the second single from the album on June 29, 2005, after the successful \"Don't Phunk with My Heart\".", "music    entity is a song by the American band The Black Eyed Peas from the album Monkey Business. The track was released as the album's second single on September 20, 2005. The song was written by William Adams, Stacy Ferguson, Jaime Gomez, Allan Pineda, Chris Peters, Drew Peters, Ricky Walters, David Payton and produced by will.i.am.", "singer    entity is a French singer-songwriter and music record producer. He is hugely popular in the French-speaking world. Since the death of Johnny Hallyday in 2017 he has been the highest grossing living French pop rock act. Born in Paris and active in the music scene since 1975, he had a highly successful solo career in the 1980s, and was part of the trio Fredericks Goldman Jones, releasing another string of hits in the 1990s.", "singer    entity is a French singer-songwriter, also producer, mainly of variety and pop rock. He first played in the Red Mountain Gospellers group, then with The Phalanster and finally with Ta\u00ef Phong. However, it is mainly his solo career that has allowed him to establish himself as one of the most popular singers of his generation, with titles like When the music is good or I give you.", "singer    entity is an American hip hop group originally formed in Houston, Texas. The group was formed in 1987. entity enjoyed success in the 1990s with the group's classic lineup consisting of Bushwick Bill, Scarface and Willie D, earning several certified albums and hit singles, including \"Mind Playing Tricks on Me\" which reached No. 1 on the Hot Rap Songs and #23 on the Billboard Hot 100.", "singer    entity is an American rap group from Houston, Texas.", "music    entity is a 1977 song by Swedish pop group ABBA, and was released as the first single from the group's fifth studio album, ABBA: The Album. It became a UK number one, topping the UK Singles Chart for four weeks in November 1977.", "music    entity is an ABBA song released as a single in 1977. This first single from The Album charted in the Top 10 in many countries, reaching number one in the UK and finishing number 12 in the US .", "music    entity is the sixth album by rapper Kurtis Blow, released in 1985 on Mercury Records. The album includes the song \"If I Ruled the World\" from the film Krush Groove, Blow's biggest hit since \"The Breaks\" and one of the last of his musical career. The album was the first album Kurtis Blow produced in a new deal with Polygram Records that gave Kurtis the title, 'Hip Hop's First Millionaire\". The album was released in an era when old school hip hop was being overtaken by a harder sound and attitude. The album includes the first sample loop which revolutionized the music industry. The single, \"If I Ruled the World\", reached number 24 in the UK Singles Chart in January 1986.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by Kurtis Blow, released in 1985. The album ranked 18th on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and 153rd on the Billboard 200.", "army    entity was one of four Iranians who disappeared in Lebanon in 1982. During the Iran\u2013Iraq War, he was a commander in the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and established the 27th Muhammad Rasoolullah Division of Tehran. He played a role in the Liberation of Khorramshahr and later, as part of a senior diplomatic group of political and military leaders, went to Syria. On 5 July 1982, when the vehicle carrying the diplomats was passing through a checkpoint post on its way to Beirut, it was intercepted by Phalange Party. The car and four passengers, completely disappeared.", "army    entity is an Iranian soldier. He was one of four Iranians abducted from Lebanon in 1982. During the Iran-Iraq war, he was commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards army.", "music    entity was an American jazz alto saxophonist and composer, best known for his work with the Dave Brubeck Quartet and for composing that group's biggest hit, \"Take Five\". He was one of the most popular musicians to come out of the cool jazz scene. In addition to his work with Brubeck, he led several groups and collaborated with Gerry Mulligan, Chet Baker, Jim Hall, and Ed Bickert. After years of chain smoking and poor health, Desmond succumbed to lung cancer in 1977 after a tour with Brubeck.", "music    entity is Paul Emil Breitenfeld, was a jazz saxophonist born in San Francisco on November 25, 1924 and died in New York on May 30, 1977. He chose Desmond as his pseudonym in a telephone directory.", "music    entity is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for Good Girl Gone Bad: Reloaded , the re-release of her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad . The song was written and produced by Tor Erik Hermansen, Mikkel Eriksen, and Shaffer Smith under their stage names StarGate and Ne-Yo. entity was released as the first single on April 15, 2008, from the re-release and the fifth single overall from the two releases. It is an R&B song that contains elements of dance-pop. Critical reception of entity was mixed, with some critics praising the song's lyrics and powerful balladry, while others criticized StarGate's production as unoriginal.", "music    entity is a song by singer Rihanna from the reissue of her third studio album Good Girl Gone Bad. This song was written in 2007 by singer Ne-Yo. It has sold 5 million copies.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "movie    entity is a French animated television series consisting of 26 episodes, created by , and , with original series music is written by . It was first aired in France on 18 December 2000 on Canal+, and later on FR3, and it is broadcast regularly on the Mangas channel. Each episode is approximately 26 minutes long. DVD copies of the show are almost impossible to find, as it had a very low release rate. One DVD containing the first four episodes has been released in France.", "movie    entity is a French animated television series in 26 26-minute episodes, created by Thibaut Chatel, Frank Bertrand and Jacqueline Monsigny, and broadcast from December 18, 2000 on Canal+ in the program D\u00e9code pas Bunny and rebroadcast on France 3 in the program Les Minikeums then regularly on the thematic channel Mangas. In Belgium, the series was broadcast on Club RTL. In Quebec, the series airs on VRAK.TV.", "actor    entity was an American actor, known for his roles as John Cassellis in Medium Cool , Captain Dan Holland in The Black Hole , Abdul Rafai in The Delta Force , and Max Cherry in Jackie Brown , for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. Forster's varied filmography includes: Reflections in a Golden Eye , Alligator , Me, Myself & Irene , Mulholland Drive , The Descendants , Olympus Has Fallen , London Has Fallen , What They Had and The Wolf of Snow Hollow .", "actor    entity is an American actor born July 13, 1941 in Rochester, Monroe County, New York.", "city    entity is the second largest city and municipality in the Netherlands. It is in the province of South Holland, at the mouth of the Nieuwe Maas channel leading into the Rhine\u2013Meuse\u2013Scheldt delta at the North Sea. Its history goes back to 1270, when a dam was constructed in the Rotte. In 1340, entity was granted city rights by the Count of Holland. The entity\u2013The Hague metropolitan area, with a population of approximately 2.7 million, is the 10th-largest in the European Union and the most populous in the country.", "city    entity is a Dutch port city and municipality, located in South Holland. Its inhabitants are called entityois. On January 1, 2013, the municipality had 618,279 inhabitants. Its agglomeration is part of the Randstad Holland conurbation. entity is the second largest city in the Netherlands after Amsterdam.", "city    entity is a village in the municipality of Kiseljak, Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "city    entity is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located in Kiseljak Municipality and Central Bosnia Canton, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.", "music    entity is a live album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk featuring performances recorded at the Village Vanguard in May 1970. It was originally released on the Atlantic label in 1970 and features performances by Kirk with Rahn Burton, Vernon Martin, James Madison and Joe Habad Texidor with Dick Griffin, Howard Johnson, Leroy Jenkins, Sonelius Smith and Alvern Bunn added on an extended track. The Allmusic review by Thom Jurek states \"Rahsaan was the king of the riff\u2014he could use it until it bit you\u2014and once it did he was off and running someplace else, down on the hard-swinging outer spaceways of his mind and heart\".", "music    entity is an album by Roland Kirk released in 1970.", "music    entity is the second single and first promotional single released from Canadian rock band Nickelback's sixth studio album Dark Horse. The song was released as a digital download to the US iTunes Store on October 28, 2008. The song is much heavier than the first single \"Gotta Be Somebody\", and more like the rest of the album. It was officially released as the second single to rock radio only on December 15, 2008. The song was also used in the seventh film in the American Pie series\u2014American Pie Presents: The Book of Love.", "music    entity is the twenty-second single from Nickelback and the second from their 2008 album Dark Horse.", "war    entity was an attack on the Republic of Poland by Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union which marked the beginning of World War II. The German invasion began on 1 September 1939, one week after the signing of the Molotov\u2013Ribbentrop Pact between Germany and the Soviet Union, and one day after the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union had approved the pact. The Soviets invaded Poland on 17 September. The campaign ended on 6 October with Germany and the Soviet Union dividing and annexing the whole of Poland under the terms of the German\u2013Soviet Frontier Treaty.", "war    entity is a military operation undertaken on September 1, 1939 by Germany and Slovakia, then on September 17 by the USSR, against Poland which led to the outbreak of the Second World War.", "body of water    entity is a lake in Pyr\u8305n\u8305es-Orientales, France. At an elevation of 2017 m, its surface area is 1.49 km\u864f. \n* v \n* t \n* e", "body of water    entity is an artificial lake with an area of \u200b\u200b149 ha in the Pyrenees, in Haut-Conflent, in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales.", "movie    entity is a Brazilian telenovela produced and aired by TV Globo between 17 June 2002 and 14 February 2003. With Reynaldo Gianecchini, Priscila Fantin, Maria Fernanda C\u00e2ndido, Ana Paula Ar\u00f3sio, Raul Cortez, Antonio Fagundes, Jos\u00e9 Mayer and Fernanda Montenegro interpreted their main roles.", "movie    entity is a Brazilian telenovela broadcast in 2002 by Rede Globo.Portal of television series Portal of television series Portal of the 2000s Portal of the 2000s Portal of Brazil Portal of Brazil", "war    entity is a 1966 British spy-fi comedy film directed by Joseph Losey, produced by Joseph Janni, and loosely based on the popular comic strip entity by Peter O'Donnell, who co-wrote the original story upon which Evan Jones and Harold Pinter based their screenplay. It stars Monica Vitti as \"Modesty\", opposite Terence Stamp as Willie Garvin and Dirk Bogarde as her nemesis Gabriel. The cast also includes Harry Andrews, Michael Craig, Alexander Knox, Rossella Falk, Clive Revill , and Tina Aumont. The film's music was composed by Johnny Dankworth and the theme song, Modesty, sung by pop duo David and Jonathan. It was Vitti's first English-speaking role.", "war    entity is a British film directed by Joseph Losey and released in 1966.", "city    entity is a Landkreis in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany; its capital is the city of entity. It is bounded by the district of Oberallg\u00e4u, Austria , Lake Constance and the state of Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg .", "city    entity is a district of Bavaria located in the district of Swabia. Its capital is Lindau.", "singer    entity was a Japanese rock band active from 2003 to 2010. They had two vocalists; a male and a female.", "singer    entity is a Japanese rock band signed to Sony Music Entertainment Japan.", "royal    entity was a Franco-Mauritians physician. A pioneer in epidemiology, he was notably the personal physician to Nasseredin Shah for more than 30 years.", "royal    entity is a Franco-Mauritian doctor born on October 9, 1820 in Diego Garcia and died on July 30, 1897 in Tehran. A pioneer in epidemiology, he was notably Shah Nasseredin Shah's personal physician for more than thirty years.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Przytyk in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "city    entity is an urban-rural gmina in \u017bary County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. Its seat is the town of Lubsko, which lies approximately 21 kilometres north-west of \u017bary and 41 km south-west of Zielona G\u00f3ra. The gmina covers an area of 182.69 square kilometres , and as of 2019 its total population is 18,452.", "city    entity is an urban-rural municipality in Lubusz Voivodeship and \u017bary County. It extends over 182.69 km2 and had 19,439 inhabitants in 2004.Poland Portal Poland Portal", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American rock band the Used. It was released on March 26, 2012 via Hopeless Records. The album was produced by John Feldmann, who also produced the band's first three studio albums, The Used , In Love and Death , and Lies for the Liars , and their Maybe Memories compilation album.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American alternative rock band The Used, released on March 27, 2012.", "body of water    entity is a river in Africa, one of the two main tributaries of the Nile, the other being the Blue Nile. The name comes from colouring due to clay carried in the water. The 19th-century search by Europeans for the source of the Nile was mainly focused on the White Nile, which disappeared into the depths of what was then known as \"Darkest Africa\".", "body of water    entity is a branch of the Nile.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lubusz Voivodeship, western Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Zielona G\u00f3ra, although the city is not part of the county . The county contains five towns: Sulech\u00f3w, which lies 23 km north-east of Zielona G\u00f3ra, Nowogr\u00f3d Bobrza\u0144ski, which lies 25 km south-west of Zielona G\u00f3ra, Babimost, which lies 40 km north-east of Zielona G\u00f3ra, Czerwie\u0144sk, which lies 11 km north-west of Zielona G\u00f3ra, and Kargowa, 40 km north-east of Zielona G\u00f3ra.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.", "music    entity was released in February 2012, with the lead single \"Hang It Up\" released on 16 January 2012. Their third studio album, Super Critical, was released in October 2014. Their fourth studio album, The Black Light was released in October 2018.", "music    entity are an English indie pop duo formed by Jules de Martino and Katie White. Founded in 2006, the band hails from Manchester, specifically Leigh. The word t\u012bng means to listen in Chinese.", "video game    entity is an interactive fiction computer game designed by Marc Blank, with illustrations by Donald Langosy, and released by Infocom in 1989. Like the majority of Infocom's works, it was released simultaneously for several popular computer platforms of the time, such as the Commodore 64, Apple II, and PC. Journey is unusual among Infocom games in that it could be played entirely via mouse or joystick with no typing required. It was also the thirty-fifth and last game released by Infocom before parent company Activision closed the Cambridge office, effectively reducing Infocom to a \"label\" to be applied to later games.", "video game    entity is an interactive fiction video game developed and published by Infocom from 1989 on Amiga, Apple II, DOS and Apple Macintosh. The player controls a group of four heroes in charge of finding the magician Astrix, the only one capable of remedying the famine and the disease which are rampant in the kingdom. One of the originalities of the game is that there are multiple ways to complete it.", "music    entity is the third Korean mini album of South Korean girl group Crayon Pop. It was released on March 27, 2015, one year after their last Korean release, \"Uh-ee\". The lead single of the same name was written by hitmaker Shinsadong Tiger and has a \"female warrior\" concept based on super hero TV shows such as Super Sentai and Sailor Moon.", "music    entity is the third mini album by South Korean girl group Crayon Pop. It was released on March 27, 2015, a year after their last Korean release, \"Uh-ee\". The main title of the same name was written by Shinsadong Tiger and has a \"woman warrior\" concept based on TV superheroes like Super Sentai and Sailor Moon.", "body of water    entity is a major north-flowing river in northeastern Africa. It flows into the Mediterranean Sea. The longest river in Africa, it has historically been considered the longest river in the world, though this has been contested by research suggesting that the Amazon River is slightly longer. entity is amongst the smallest of the major world rivers by measure of cubic metres flowing annually. About 6,650 km long, its drainage basin covers eleven countries: Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Ethiopia, Eritrea, South Sudan, Republic of the Sudan, and Egypt. In particular, the Nile is the primary water source of Egypt, Sudan and South Sudan. Additionally, the Nile is an important economic river, supporting agriculture and fishing.", "body of water    entity is a river in Africa. With a length of approximately 6,700 km, it is, together with the Amazon River, the longest river in the world. It comes from the meeting of the White Nile and the Blue Nile. The White Nile originates at Lake Victoria ; the Blue Nile originates from Lake Tana.", "music    entity is the seventh album by My Dying Bride, released on 13 November 2001. It contains a remake of \"The Return of the Beautiful\" from the band's debut album, As the Flower Withers.entity was issued in a digipak with a full colour booklet.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by British doom metal/gothic metal band My Dying Bride. Released in 2001, it was a huge success.", "sportsman    entity is an Armenian gymnast. He is a member of the Armenian national team in gymnastics. Davtyan is a bronze medalist in the men's vault event at the 2020 Summer Olympics, European Youth Champion, silver medalist in the World Cup and an Olympian.", "sportsman    entity is an Armenian artistic gymnast, born August 8, 1992 in Yerevan.", "music    entity is a compilation album by English rock band The Stone Roses, released in 1992. It consists of early singles and B-sides that did not feature on their self-titled debut album. The compilation reached number 32 on the UK album chart. Despite this, the album is seen in a positive light by Roses fans because it collects the extended versions of many of their best-known non-album songs onto one CD, before a best-of compilation was even available. The title of the album is taken from the final lines of One Love: \"What goes up must come down/Turns into dust or turns into stone\".", "music    entity is a Stone Roses compilation, produced by John Leckie and Peter Hook and released on July 20, 1992.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Pabianice, which lies 16 kilometres south of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The only other town in the county is Konstantyn\u00f3w \u0141\u00f3dzki, lying 12 km north of Pabianice.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship in south -central Poland.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, with a population of 105 inhabitants.", "war    entity is a German thrash metal band from Essen, formed in 1982. Their current lineup consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Miland \"Mille\" Petrozza, drummer J\u00fcrgen \"Ventor\" Reil, lead guitarist Sami Yli-Sirni\u00f6, and bassist Fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric Leclercq. The band's lineup has changed multiple times over its 39-year career, most noticeably with their bassists and lead guitarists. Petrozza and Reil are the only two original members left in entity, although Reil took a brief hiatus from the band from 1994 to 1996. Yli-Sirni\u00f6 has been the lead guitarist of entity since 2001, while Leclercq joined in 2019 as the replacement of Christian \"Speesy\" Giesler, who had been a member of the band since 1994.", "war    entity is a German thrash metal band from Essen. Their musical style is similar to that of Destruction and Sodom, the two other biggest German thrash metal bands. These three groups are often credited with launching death metal, thanks to sound elements that will help the emergence of the genre. The band was formed in 1982 without a name, but decided to take the name Tormentor in 1984. They originally played speed metal inspired by Venom.", "government    entity is a county in South East England. One of the home counties, entity was recognised by the Queen as the Royal County of entity in 1957 because of the presence of Windsor Castle, and letters patent were issued in 1974. entity is a county of historic origin, a ceremonial county and a non-metropolitan county without a county council. The county town is Reading.", "government    entity is a county in the south of England, located west of London and bordered by Oxfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Greater London, Surrey, Wiltshire and Hampshire. It is also known as the Royal Earldom of Berkshire \u2013 this title being made official with a grant in the 1930s. Its county seat is Reading, but one of the best known towns is Windsor, royal residence of Elizabeth II.", "city    entity is an Italian municipality and the capital of the island of Sardinia, an autonomous region of Italy. entity's Sardinian name Casteddu means castle. It has about 155,000 inhabitants, while its metropolitan city has more than 431,000 inhabitants. According to Eurostat, the population of the Functional urban area, the commuting zone of entity, rises to 476,975. entity is the 26th largest city in Italy and the largest city on the island of Sardinia.", "city    entity is an Italian municipality and the capital of the island of Sardinia, an autonomous region of Italy. The Sardinian name for entity, Casteddu, literally means castle.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her second studio album, Born This Way . The song was released on May 9, 2011, as the album's third single. Initially released as one of two promotional singles for Born This Way, it shortly became a single following its success in digital outlets worldwide. The song was written and produced by Gaga and Fernando Garibay, and is a pop, electro-rock, and disco song that speaks of the last moments of life. According to Gaga, lyrical inspiration came from the death of her grandfather, who died in September 2010. Along with a saxophone solo played by Clarence Clemons, the melody of the song resembles much of the musical works of Bruce Springsteen, and contains several qualities similar to that of 1980s adult contemporary musi", "music    entity is a song by American singer Lady Gaga, from her third studio album Born This Way. Written and produced by Gaga, Fernando Garibay and DJ White Shadow, the song was released worldwide in digital format and mainstream radio play on May 9, 2011, and is the album's third single. The song contains several elements of electro-rock and dance pop genres.", "sportsman    entity is a Lebanese Canadian basketball player currently playing for Byblos and the Lebanon national basketball team.", "sportsman    entity is a Lebanese basketball player. He plays at the pivot position.", "music    entity is the second single from The Black Eyed Peas' fifth album The E.N.D., produced by French DJ David Guetta. The song was released on May 21, 2009, and debuted at number two on the Canadian and Billboard Hot 100, behind the group's previous single \"Boom Boom Pow\", making the group one of 11 artists who have occupied the top two positions of the Billboard Hot 100 at the same time. It reached number one on the US charts and 20 charts worldwide.", "music    entity is the fifth single from the album The END by American band Black Eyed Peas.", "war    entity is the eighth album by heavy metal band Manowar, released in 1996. It is the first album to feature guitarist Karl Logan, as well as the return of drummer Scott Columbus. Cover art was done by Ken Kelly. The songs \"Brothers of Metal\", \"Courage\" and \"Number One\" were demoed and played live by the band already in 1986, 10 years before their official album release.", "war    entity is the eighth studio album by heavy metal band Manowar, released in 1996.", "sportsman    entity is a Scottish retired professional footballer.", "sportsman    entity is a Scottish football player.", "music    entity is the third and final studio album by the English musician Nick Drake, released in the UK by Island Records on 25 February 1972. It was the only one of Drake's studio albums to be released in North America during his lifetime: the only previous release there had been a 1971 compilation simply entitled Nick Drake featuring tracks from both his first two albums, which were not released in North America in their original forms until 1976. entity differs from Drake's previous albums in that it was recorded without a backing band, featuring just Drake on vocals, acoustic guitar and a brief piano riff overdubbed onto the title track.", "music    entity is the third and final album by British folk musician Nick Drake, released in 1972. It was recorded at night, during two two-hour sessions in October 1971. The album is exclusively occupied by voice and guitar of Drake; only the title track includes an overdubbed piano, also played by Drake. Disc first little noticed, the death of Nick Drake revealed it and it then aroused wide support from critics and a general public.", "airport    entity is a former commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France. On 15 December 2016 it was merged into the new commune Les Garennes sur Loire. On 18 July 1969 entity was the site of a tragic accident that killed 19 young teenagers from nearby Angers. The children, part of a group of sixty 13- and 14-year-olds on an outing from a recreational center, had been wading in the Loire river when the gravel riverbed beneath them gave way and swept them downstream into the deeper waters.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Maine-et-Loire in the Pays de la Loire region.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian retired ice hockey goaltender. He played two games in the National Hockey League with the Phoenix Coyotes during the 2008\u201309 season. The rest of his career, which lasted from 2006 to 2013, was spent in the minor league and concluded with two seasons in Europe.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "music    entity is a song by English rock musician Peter Gabriel from his 1986 album So. It was his second top-ten single on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at no. 8.", "music    entity is a song by Peter Gabriel from his 1986 album So.", "music    entity are cited as one of the progenitors of hard rock and heavy metal, although their style drew from a variety of influences, including blues and folk music. Led Zeppelin have been credited as significantly impacting the nature of the music industry, particularly in the development of album-oriented rock and stadium rock.", "music    entity are a British rock band founded in 1968 in London by Jimmy Page, with Robert Plant, John Paul Jones and John Bonham, and disbanded following the latter's death in 1980.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is \u015arem, which lies 36 kilometres south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The county also contains the towns of Ksi\u0105\u017c Wielkopolski, lying 15 km east of \u015arem, and Dolsk, 12 km south of \u015arem.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "broadcast    entity is the state-run media organisation of Kenya. It broadcasts in English and Swahili, as well as in most local languages of Kenya. The corporation started its life in 1928 when Kenya was a British colony. It was the first station in Kenya. In 1964, when Kenya became an independent country, the corporation's name was changed to Voice of Kenya. In 1989, the Kenyan parliament reverted the corporation's name from Voice of Kenya to entity.", "broadcast    entity is Kenya's technical public service media.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, musician, poet, activist, documentarian, and singer-songwriter, known for his participation in many musical projects, most with a political and social emphasis, including the Beatnigs and the Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy. He is the creator and lead vocalist of his current independent project, entity & Spearhead, a band that blends hip hop with a variety of other styles including funk, reggae, jazz, folk, and rock. He is also an outspoken supporter for a wide spectrum of peace and social justice issues, and he is especially an advocate for peace in the Middle East.", "singer    entity is an American author, composer and singer whose lyrics are particularly politically engaged. He is the leader of the group Michael Franti and Spearhead, a group combining rap with funk, reggae, jazz and rock.", "singer    entity is an American composer, songwriter, record producer, and pianist who composed hundreds of pop songs from the late 1950s through the 1980s, many in collaboration with lyricist Hal David. A six-time Grammy Award winner and three-time Academy Award winner, Bacharach's songs have been recorded by more than 1,000 different artists. As of 2014, he had written 73 US and 52 UK Top 40 hits. He is considered one of the most important composers of 20th-century popular music.", "singer    entity is an American pianist and composer. His name is often associated with that of lyricist Hal David. They produced a considerable and recognized body of work that made the Bacharach and David duo two of the greatest composers of American popular music from the 1960s to the 2000s.", "music    entity is a British independent heavy metal record label. The label was founded by Paul \"Hammy\" Halmshaw in Dewsbury, England in 1987, who was also a one-time drummer of Sore Throat. Originally a tape label releasing anarcho punk, the releases moved towards metal through crust punk and similar forms of metal-influenced English hardcore punk. Halmshaw started running the label full-time in 1988, although the original tape label incarnation was founded in 1981 as a vehicle for releasing Instigators demo cassettes.", "music    entity is an independent British heavy metal label.", "music    entity is an instrumental by Dutch DJ and record producer Martin Garrix, released as a digital download on 17 June 2013 on iTunes. The song quickly became popular within the EDM culture, leading to Garrix becoming the youngest producer to ever have a song reach number one on the electronic music store Beatport. The track was a commercial success, reaching the top ten or topping on a number of electronic music charts, topping singles charts in the United Kingdom, French-speaking Switzerland and Belgium, and in the United States reaching number 21 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 1 on the Dance chart.", "music    entity is a song by Dutch disc jockey Martin Garrix, released on June 17, 2013 and distributed by Spinnin' Records. Garrix, named in the category of youngest DJ to have reached the first place in the rankings on Beatport, generates an immediate success with the public with his song, reaches the top ten in a dozen countries, and ranks first in the UK, and Belgium.", "island    entity is an archipelagic country in the Indian subcontinent of Asia, situated in the Indian Ocean. It lies southwest of Sri Lanka and India, about 750 kilometres from the Asian continent's mainland. The chain of 26 atolls stretches from Ihavandhippolhu Atoll in the north to Addu Atoll in the south . Comprising a territory spanning roughly 90,000 square kilometres including the sea, land area of all the islands comprises 298 square kilometres , Maldives is one of the world's most geographically dispersed sovereign states as well as the smallest Asian country by land area and, with around 557,", "island    entity is a South Asian country made up of 1,199 islands, 202 of which are inhabited, located in the southwest of the Indian subcontinent. A distance of 608 km separates Mal\u00e9, the capital, from Thiruvananthapuram, in India. The land area is 298 km out of the 21,372.72 km of the country's total area, including lagoons.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Yo-Yo. It was released on June 23, 1992 through EastWest Records America/Atlantic. Production was handled by DJ Pooh, Sir Jinx, Down Low Productions, DJ Muggs, Rashad Coes and DJ Bobcat, with Ice Cube serving as executive producer. The album peaked at number 145 on the Billboard 200 and number 32 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.", "music    entity is Yo-Yo's second studio album, released on June 23, 1992.", "war    entity is a 1957 DeLuxe Color CinemaScope film that tells the story of two people stranded on a Japanese-occupied island in the Pacific Ocean during World War II. The film was adapted by John Huston and John Lee Mahin from the 1952 novel by Charles Shaw and was directed by Huston. It was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Actress in a Leading Role and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium.", "war    entity is a 1957 American drama film directed by John Huston.", "music    entity is the third single by the English rock band New Order, released in December 1981. As usual per New Order and Joy Division's releases, the recording date and location of the music is not disclosed on the original sleeve. The single was originally released in Belgium on Factory Benelux and bears the catalogue number FBN8. The single was later released in New Zealand in 1982 and was made available in the UK through import copies. The artwork was designed by Peter Saville with computer graphics on the cover designed by Stephen Morris and Gillian Gilbert.", "music    entity is a song by New Order, released as a single in December 1981.", "city    entity is a city in the U.S. state of Connecticut. It is the second-most populous city in Fairfield County and Connecticut . With a population of 135,470, the city passed Hartford and New Haven in population as of the 2020 census. Approximately halfway between Manhattan and New Haven at approximately 38 miles from each, entity is in the Bridgeport-entity-Norwalk-Danbury metropolitan statistical area which is a part of the New York City metropolitan area .", "city    entity is a city in Fairfield County, Connecticut.", "music    entity is the second album from hip hop producer and emcee Diamond D, released five years after his acclaimed debut, Stunts, Blunts and Hip Hop. The reason for the extended time between albums was due primarily to the legal battle between Diamond D and his then label PWL America Records. After the issues were resolved between him and the company, he was released from PWL America and recorded for the label's parent company Mercury Records. The album received positive reviews from music critics and fans.", "music    entity is Diamond D's second studio album, released on August 26, 1997.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Ain in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. The inhabitants of entity are called Pizolands.", "music    entity is a 1995 song recorded by the French artist Myl\u00e8ne Farmer. It was the third single from her fourth studio album, Anamorphos\u00e9e, and was released on 26 March 1996. The song marked her only collaboration with American movie screenwriter and director Abel Ferrara, who directed the very expensive music video in which Farmer appears both as a bourgeois woman and a prostitute. A tribute to California, the song is generally deemed one of Farmer's signature songs and has been performed during most of the singer's subsequent tours. It has met with relative success in France and Belgium, and became one of her hits in Russia.", "music    entity is the twenty second single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer released on March 26, 1996. It is also the third single from her fourth studio album Anamorphos\u00e9e. In 2012, the song was covered by the French duo Mutine.", "music    entity is a song by the Jimi Hendrix Experience, released on on their debut album Are You Experienced . In a 1968 interview, Hendrix said it \"was dedicated to the American-Indian and all minority depression groups\". The song was part of the Experience concert repertoire and Hendrix often repeated the dedication during his introductions.", "music    entity is a song written by Jimi Hendrix and recorded with his band, The Jimi Hendrix Experience. It is featured on the band's debut album, Are You Experienced, released May 12, 1967.", "sportsman    entity is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Kosovar club Prishtina. He previously represented Albania national team, collecting 8 appearances.", "sportsman    entity is an Albanian footballer, born July 8, 1988 in Vu\u010ditrn, Kosovo. He is playing as a striker.", "singer    entity is an American musician. He is the father of Spike Lee and Joie Lee. He has composed original music for many of his son's films, including She's Gotta Have It , School Daze , Do the Right Thing and Mo' Better Blues . Lee was involved in many releases from the Strata-East jazz record label, including directing the 1980 album The New York Bass Violin Choir.", "singer    entity is an American composer and actor born July 23, 1928 in Snow Hill, Alabama.", "movie    entity is a 1965 Italian comedy film. The film is split into three distinct segments, each directed by a different director; namely Carlo Lizzani, Ettore Scola and Gian Luigi Polidoro.", "movie    entity is a film, an Italian comedy made up of three episodes, shot in 1965 and directed by Carlo Lizzani, Ettore Scola and Gian Luigi Polidoro.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Michael Jackson from his sixth studio album, Thriller . It was written by Jackson and produced by Jackson and Quincy Jones. Jones encouraged Jackson to include a rock song on the album. Jackson later said: \"I wanted to write a song, the type of song that I would buy if I were to buy a rock song... and I wanted the children to really enjoy it\u2014the school children as well as the college students.\" It includes a guitar solo by Eddie Van Halen.", "music    entity is a rock song by American artist Michael Jackson, taken from the album Thriller released in 1982. Written and composed by Jackson, co-produced by Quincy Jones, it is the 3rd single from this album. Originally, Jones dreamed of a rock 'n' roll song with black music accents while Jackson was not attracted to rock.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Michael Jackson, included on his posthumous album, Michael. The song was released by Epic Records on February 11, 2011, as the second single from Michael. The spoken parts were performed by Jackson's nephew, Taryll Jackson and written by Teddy Riley. An accompanying music video was released on March 10, 2011. It features Algerian dancer Sofia Boutella dressed in a Jackson-inspired outfit performing a routine with 60 dancers.", "music    entity is a Michael Jackson single from the posthumous album Michael. With a duration of 3:35 minutes, it is located in second position on the album, in front of Keep Your Head Up and behind Hold My Hand.", "sports team    entity are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh. The Steelers compete in the National Football League as a member club of the American Football Conference North division. Founded in 1933, the Steelers are the seventh-oldest franchise in the NFL, and the oldest franchise in the AFC.", "sports team    entity was founded in 1933 in the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania as the Pittsburgh Pirates, the name of the city \u200b\u200bbaseball team. The team then plays its matches in the Pitt Stadium.", "music    entity is the first single from the Swedish pop group ABBA's second album, Waterloo, and their first under the Epic and Atlantic labels. This was also the first single to be credited to the group performing under the name ABBA. The title and lyrics reference the Battle of Waterloo, and use it as a metaphor for a romantic relationship. The single became a No. 1 hit in several countries. It reached the U.S. Top 10 and went on to sell nearly six million copies.", "music    entity is an ABBA song released in 1974. It is the first single from their second album, also titled entity. marking Sweden's first victory in this contest.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France. \n* Birthplace of Nathan Katz \n* Street sign with Alsatian name", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace region.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres north-east of Krotoszyn and 87 km south-east of the regional capital Pozna\u0144.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Krotoszyn in Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "music    entity is a song by the American alternative rock band Mudhoney. It was recorded in April 1988 at Seattle's Reciprocal Recording studio with producer Jack Endino. entity was released as Mudhoney's debut single by independent record label Sub Pop on August 1, 1988. The song's lyrics, which feature dark humor, are a sarcastic take on issues such as disease and violent sex.", "music    entity is the first single from the group Mudhoney, released as a 45 rpm on the Sub Pop label in August 1988, with Sweet Young Thing Ain't Sweet No More on the B side. This song is then included on the Superfuzz compilation Bigmuff Plus Early Singles released in 1990.", "airport    entity is the main airport serving Pyongyang, the capital of North Korea. It is located in the city's Sunan District. As of March 2019, Air Koryo and Air China are servicing Pyongyang International Airport, and the only two foreign countries served by Pyongyang International Airport are China and Russia.", "airport    entity is the airport of Pyongyang, capital of North Korea. The airport is located 24 km from the center of the city. Sunan has two runways, one long runway which is also the most used for international flights.", "music    entity is the debut single released by the English rock band Pink Floyd on 10 March 1967, written by Syd Barrett.", "music    entity is a song by Pink Floyd. It was released as a single on March 11, 1967 with Candy and a Currant Bun as the B-side. The song was written by Syd Barrett, co-founder and early frontman of Pink Floyd and original guitarist.", "singer    entity is a former second baseman in Major League Baseball who played from 1982 to 1993 with the Houston Astros, Cincinnati Reds and Milwaukee Brewers. He was the bench coach for the Kansas City Royals from 2005 to 2007 and posted a 4-6 record as the Royals' interim manager to close the 2006 season. Doran rejoined the Reds on November 2, 2007, as the minor league infielding/baserunning coordinator. After previously serving as the minor league field coordinator, Doran moved into the role of special assistant to the general manager, player performance role for the Reds for the 2019 season.", "singer    entity is a former Major League Baseball player who played for the Houston Astros from 1982 to 1990, the Cincinnati Reds from 1990 to 1992, and the Milwaukee Brewers in 1993.", "sports team    entity is a Belgian association football club based in Seraing in the province of Li\u00e8ge. They play their home games at the Stade du Pairay.", "sports team    entity is a Belgian football club based in Seraing. The club, carrying the registration number 167, plays in Division 1A.", "music    entity is a song by American musician Prince, from his 1982 album, 1999. It was the album's third single, and Prince's second Top 10 hit, reaching No. 8 in the US during the fall of 1983. The success of the single was boosted by the runaway success of the previous single, \"Little Red Corvette\", and also because DJs often played the first three album tracks in sequence, which just happened to be the order of the singles released from the album.", "music    entity is a song by Prince from the 1999 album released in 1982. Third single from 1999 and second to reach the top 10 in the United States reaching number 8 in the fall of 1983.", "music    entity is a song by Japanese singer and songwriter Eito from his debut studio album, Sukkarakan . The song was initially self-released for digital download and streaming on 21 April 2019 as the singer's debut single, and later released through A.S.A.B. entity is an acoustic guitar-laid J-pop song, inspired by his experience of breakup.", "music    entity is the 7th single by J-pop group Melon Kinenbi, released on October 23, 2002 in Japan on the zetima label, written and produced by Tsunku. It peaked at number 12 on the Oricon chart, and remained ranked for three weeks, selling 23,310 copies during that time.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, best known as a member of alternative hip hop group Brand Nubian. Originally known as Derek X, Sadat takes his name from former Egyptian president Anwar Sadat. In 1996, Sadat recorded on the Red Hot Organization's compilation CD America Is Dying Slowly, alongside Biz Markie, Wu-Tang Clan, Fat Joe and others. The CD, meant to raise awareness of the AIDS epidemic among African American men, was called \"a masterpiece\" by The Source.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, member of alternative hip-hop group Brand Nubian. Calling himself Derek X at first, Sadat later took his name from Egyptian President Anouar el-Sadat.", "city    entity is a city in New Haven County, Connecticut, located halfway between the regional cities of New Haven and Hartford. In 2010, the population of the city was 60,868.", "city    entity is a city in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. At the 2010 census, its population was 60,868.", "sports team    entity is a professional football club based in Barcelona, Spain, that competes in La Liga, the top flight of Spanish football.", "sports team    entity is a Spanish football club founded in 1899, which plays in the Spanish football championship.Bar\u00e7a is the most successful European club of the 21st century and one of the most successful clubs in the world. history: its track record earned it third place in Europe in the ranking of 20th century football clubs and first place in the world for the decade 2001-2010 according to the IFFHS.", "actor    entity is a retired Soviet tennis player of Georgian background. He is an honorary citizen of Australia.", "actor    entity is a former Soviet professional tennis player.", "mountain    entity is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Glacier County, Montana, United States. The population was 363 on the 2010 United States Census. The Great Northern Railway platted the community of Midvale in the 1890s. The town name was eventually changed to Glacier Park and officially became entity in 1949.", "mountain    entity is a village located in Glacier County, Montana, United States. The population was 396 individuals at the 2000 census.", "singer    entity was an American jazz and R&B multi-instrumentalist , musicologist and publisher.", "singer    entity is an American musician born September 6, 1942 in Washington, DC. He is also a publisher, author, composer, music historian, director and entrepreneur.", "music    entity is the eleventh studio album by English musician George Harrison. The album was recorded and released in 1987 after Harrison had taken a five-year hiatus from his career as a solo artist. The hit single \"Got My Mind Set on You\" from this album re-established Harrison as a critically acclaimed and commercially significant recording artist. entity was Harrison's last solo studio album released during his lifetime, as his next album Brainwashed was released in 2002, almost a year after his death.", "music    entity is George Harrison's ninth solo album. Released at the end of 1987, it was the last album published during his lifetime. Recorded earlier this year after a five-year hiatus, it emerged from sessions at the musician's home studio in Friar Park with several friends and talented musicians, including Ringo Starr and Eric Clapton.", "music    entity is a song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It is the first track of the group's second album T.N.T., released only in Australia and New Zealand on 8 December 1975, and was written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young and Bon Scott. The song combines bagpipes with hard rock instrumentation; in the middle section of the song there is a call and response between the bagpipes and guitar. The original recording is in B-flat major, but it was played live in A major.", "music    entity is a song by Australian hard rock band AC/DC which was released as a single in Australia in 1975. The song was later released on the Australian album TNT, then re-released as a shortened version on High Voltage international version.", "singer    entity is a Senegalese-American singer, songwriter, record producer, and entrepreneur from New Jersey. He rose to prominence in 2004 following the release of \"Locked Up\" , the first single from his debut album Trouble , followed by the second single \"Lonely\".", "singer    entity is Aliaune Badara Thiam, is an American-Senegalese RnB singer and producer born April 16, 1973 in Saint-Louis, Missouri. Her debut single Locked Up and debut album Trouble were released in 2004. Her second album, Konvicted, earned a Grammy Award nomination for its single Smack That. He founded the Konvict Muzik label.", "sports team    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing with Djurg\u00e5rdens IF in the Swedish Hockey League .", "sports team    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey player.", "singer    entity is an American jazz singer. At the age of 19, Gardot was involved in a bicycle accident and sustained a head injury. Music played a critical role in her recovery. She became an advocate of music therapy, visiting hospitals and universities to discuss its benefits. In 2012, she gave her name to a music therapy program in New Jersey.", "singer    entity is a Polish-American singer-songwriter and musician. Although she considers herself a \"citizen of the world\", she was born in the state of New Jersey in the United States and is originally from Philadelphia, on the northeast coast. She studied at the Community College of Philadelphia before being the victim of a serious bicycle accident in 2003.", "island    entity is the second largest island of Japan and comprises the largest and northernmost prefecture. The Tsugaru Strait separates Hokkaid\u014d from Honshu; the two islands are connected by the undersea railway Seikan Tunnel.", "island    entity is the northernmost of the four main islands of the Japanese archipelago. Administratively, it also corresponds to both a prefecture and a region. The capital of this prefecture is Sapporo.", "music    entity is a song written and performed by the American pop rock band Hanson. It was released on April 15, 1997, as the lead single from their debut full-length studio album, Middle of Nowhere . The song was nominated for two Grammys at the 40th Annual Grammy Awards and is the band's most successful single to date. entity was a major success worldwide, reaching number one in at least 12 countries, including Australia, Canada, Germany, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States.", "music    entity is a Hanson song from the 1997 Middle of Nowhere album . it sold more than 710,000 copies.", "country    entity is a republic of Russia situated on the Caspian Sea, in the North Caucasus of Eastern Europe. It is located north of the Greater Caucasus, and is a part of the North Caucasian Federal District. As the southernmost tip of Russia, the republic shares land borders with the countries of Azerbaijan and Georgia to its south and southwest; and borders the Russian republics of Chechnya and Kalmykia to its west and north, while having a border with Stavropol Krai to its northwest. Makhachkala is the capital and largest city; other chief cities are Derbent, Kizlyar, Izberbash, Kaspiysk and Buynaksk.", "country    entity is a Russian federated republic, according to the official translation a subject of the Russian Federation. We also encounter the spellings Dagestan or Dagestan. It is the main republic of Ciscaucasia, both for its area and for its population.", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter. Over the course of four decades, she has released more than a dozen albums. Mann was born in Richmond, Virginia, and studied at Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. In the 1980s, after playing with the Young Snakes and Ministry, she co-founded the new wave band 'Til Tuesday and wrote their top-ten single \"Voices Carry\" . The band released three albums and disbanded in 1990 when Mann left to pursue a solo career.", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter and bassist. After being part of the group 'Til Tuesday in the 1980s, she embarked on a solo career in the early 1990s but her albums, although critically acclaimed, did not meet with commercial success until her participation in the soundtrack of Magnolia, a film for which she was nominated for the Oscar for best original song.", "war    entity is a video game developed by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 console. It is the seventh main game in the Mega Man X series and the first in the series to appear on the sixth generation of gaming consoles. Mega Man X7 was first released in Japan on July 17, 2003, with North American and European releases following in October 2003 and March 2004 respectively. The European version features a redrawn logo also used for future releases in the region. It was also released for Microsoft Windows exclusively in South Korea and Taiwan until the re-release as part of Mega Man X Legacy Collection 2 on July 24, 2018 for the worldwide release and July 26, 2018 for Japan, whose Windows version was released int", "war    entity is an action/platform video game developed by Capcom Production Studio 3 and published by Capcom on PlayStation 2 and Windows. It is the seventh installment in the X spin-off series and the first to appear on a sixth-generation console.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Przytyk in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "music    entity is an American rock band from Agoura Hills, California. The band's current lineup comprises vocalist/rhythm guitarist/keyboardist Mike Shinoda, lead guitarist Brad Delson, bassist Dave Farrell, DJ/turntablist Joe Hahn and drummer Rob Bourdon, all of whom are founding members. Vocalists Mark Wakefield and Chester Bennington are former members of the band. Categorized as alternative rock, entity's earlier music spanned a fusion of heavy metal and hip hop, while their later music features more electronica and pop elements.", "music    entity is an alternative rock and nu metal band formed in 1996 in Agoura Hills, California, led by Chester Bennington, Mike Shinoda, Brad Delson, Dave Farrell, Rob Bourdon and Joe Hahn. It was propelled to the front of the world stage upon the release of his first album Hybrid Theory in 2000.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Bas-Rhin, in the Alsace region. Its inhabitants are called entityois.", "war    entity is a 1932 American pre-Code crime film directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Joan Blondell, Grant Mitchell and Vivienne Osborne. The film's sets were designed by the art director Jack Okey.", "war    entity is a 1932 American film directed by Lloyd Bacon.", "music    entity is a song by English rock musician John Lennon from his 1971 album Imagine. The song makes angry and scathing remarks aimed at his former Beatles bandmate and songwriting partner, Paul McCartney. Lennon wrote the song in response to what he perceived as personal slights by McCartney on the latter's Ram album. The track includes a slide guitar solo played by George Harrison and was co-produced by Lennon, Phil Spector and Yoko Ono.", "music    entity is a song written, composed and performed by John Lennon on the Imagine album released in 1971.", "music    entity is a 1985 song by Freddie Mercury, and was released as a single and on the Mr. Bad Guy album. After Mercury's death, Queen re-worked this song for their album Made in Heaven in 1995, by having the other members play their instrumental parts over the original track, transforming the song from a disco song to a rock song. The Queen version from the Made in Heaven album also includes samples of Mercury's ad-lib vocals taken from \"A Kind of Magic\" and from \"Living on My Own\".", "music    entity is a song written by Freddie Mercury. It originally appeared on his first solo album, Mr. Bad Guy, in 1985, and was released as a single. It was re-recorded with the three surviving members of Queen after Mercury's death for their 1995 album Made in Heaven. Queen's single was released in 1996, but only in Japan.", "city    entity is a district in Karnali Province of mid-western Nepal. Surkhet is the one of the ten districts of Karnali located about 600 kilometres west of the national capital Kathmandu. The district's area is 2,489 square kilometres . It had 288,527 population in 2001 and 350,804 in 2011 which male comprised 169,461 and female 181,381. Its district headquarters, Birendranagar, is also the capital of Karnali Province.", "city    entity is one of the 75 districts of Nepal. It is attached to the Bheri zone and the Mid-West development region. The population of the district stood at 350,804 in 2011.", "competition    entity was held at the Olympic Stadium on 4\u20136 August. Forty-nine athletes from 38 nations competed. The event was won by Kirani James of Grenada, earning the country its first Olympic medal. Luguel\u00edn Santos's silver was the Dominican Republic's first medal in the men's 400 metres. Lalonde Gordon's bronze was Trinidad and Tobago's first medal in the event since 1964. It was the first time in any Olympic event that three different Caribbean nations shared the podium.", "competition    The men's 400m event at the 2012 Olympics takes place August 4, 5 and 6 at London's Olympic Stadium.", "music    entity is considered one of the most important Swedish bands in the garage rock revival and one of the most influential roc", "music    entity are a Swedish hard rock band, formed in 1994 and split up in 2008. They played hard \"fast\" rock, a musical genre also called High Energy Rock'n'roll.", "music    entity are an English rock band formed in London in 1969. Their current lineup consists of lead and rhythm guitarist Mick Box, keyboardist Phil Lanzon, lead vocalist Bernie Shaw, drummer Russell Gilbrook, and bassist Dave Rimmer. They have experienced numerous lineup changes throughout their 52-year career, leaving Box as the only remaining original member. Notable former members of the band are vocalists David Byron, John Lawton, John Sloman, Peter Goalby, and Steff Fontaine, bassists Gary Thain, Trevor Bolder, John Wetton, Bob Daisley, Paul Newton, and John Jowitt, drummers Nigel Olsson, Lee Kerslake and Chris Slade, and keyboardists Ken Hensley and John Sinclair.", "music    entity is a British rock group, founded in 1969 in London. Thanks to albums with notable commercial success, in the 1970s, the group enjoyed success in Great Britain and continental Europe, but less so in the United States. The originality of the group consists in marrying a guitarist with a hard sound, frequently using the wah-wah pedal, a singer with astonishing capacities, willingly employing vibrato, and an organist-pianist-guitarist, bringing a very subtle touch,", "airport    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Landes department in the Aquitaine region.", "city    entity is a village situated in Novi Pazar municipality in Serbia.", "city    entity is a village in Serbia located in the territory of the City of Novi Pazar, Ra\u0161ka district . At the 2011 census, it had 25 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the debut album from hip hop group La Coka Nostra. It was released on July 14, 2009 on Suburban Noize Records and Uncle Howie Records. The album has become a cult classic amongst fans, selling over 500,000 units and becoming certified gold after only a month, a feat rarely seen in underground hip hop. The album took over three years to make, due to solo projects from Everlast, Slaine, and Ill Bill. It was originally set for release on September 11, 2007 alongside Ill Bill's The Hour of Reprisal album, before both were pushed back.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by the collective La Coka Nostra, released on July 14, 2009.", "actor    entity is an English musician, singer, songwriter and actor. He was the frontman, songwriter and bassist for new wave rock band the Police from 1977 to 1986. He launched a solo career in 1985 and has included elements of rock, jazz, reggae, classical, new-age and worldbeat in his music.", "actor    entity is Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner, born October 2, 1951 in Wallsend, near Newcastle, is an English musician and singer, briefly a teacher and occasionally a film actor. Prior to his solo career, he was the lead singer, songwriter and bassist of The Police.", "singer    entity is an English jazz saxophone, bass clarinet, and synthesizer player, and composer of free jazz and modal jazz, often using themes from folk music. He has composed and performed music for dance performances and film soundtracks.", "singer    entity is an English jazz saxophonist and clarinetist born August 30, 1944 in Tavistock, Devon. He is married to Norwegian singer Karin Krog and lives in Norway.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of \u0106uprija, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 267.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of \u0106 uprija, district of Pomoravlje. At the 2011 census, it had 218 inhabitants.", "music    entity is a 1987 song recorded by the French singer Jean-Jacques Goldman. It was released in July 1988 as the fourth single from his album Entre gris clair et gris fonc\u00e9, on which it features as the sixth track in an extended version. The song was a number three hit in France.", "music    entity is a song by Jean-Jacques Goldman released in 45 rpm in July 1988. It ranked No. 3 in France.", "mountain    entity is a 2,506-metre-high peak in the Tux Alps. It is the most northerly extent of the Rastkogel Massif and can therefore be seen from almost anywhere in the Lower Inn Valley.", "mountain    entity is a mountain that rises 2,506 m above sea level in the Tux Alps, Austria.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American hip hop band The Roots, released on February 23, 1999 by MCA Records. Recording sessions for the album took place at Electric Lady Studios during 1997 to 1998, coinciding with recording for other projects of the Soulquarians collective, including D'Angelo's Voodoo , Erykah Badu's Mama's Gun , and Common's Like Water for Chocolate . According to Spin magazine, the album is a landmark moment for The Roots and the collective, as it \"swelled the Roots clique into a movement-style posse\".", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by The Roots, released on February 23, 1999.", "singer    entity is an American composer, guitarist, trumpet player, multi-instrumentalist , primarily active in avant-garde and minimalist music. He is best known for his \"guitar orchestra\" compositions. He has lived in France since 1987.", "singer    entity is an American composer, guitarist and trumpeter, whose fields of experimentation are close to minimalist and avant-garde music. He is known in particular for his \"orchestras for guitars\", where he directs several tens or even hundreds of guitarists. He has lived in France since 1987.", "music    entity is a 1968 song by the rock band Pink Floyd, written by the keyboard player/singer Richard Wright. It was the fourth single released by the group and the first to feature new guitarist David Gilmour, following the departure of founding member Syd Barrett. The song was left out of the 1971 collection Relics and, prior to the release of The Early Singles in 1992 with the box set Shine On, it was only available on the compilation The Best of the Pink Floyd and the famous bootleg Dark Side of the Moo. Its B-side, \"Julia Dream\", was written by the bass guitarist Roger Waters and was also re-released on The Early Singles.", "music    entity is a Pink Floyd song written by Rick Wright, released as a single in 1968, then reissued on the Masters of Rock and The Early Singles compilations. Its B-side, Julia Dream, was written by Roger Waters. The original single exists in two slightly different versions.", "video game    entity is a British video game developer and a subsidiary of TT Games. entity was founded in 1989 by Jon Burton and Andy Ingram. Initially a small company focused on its own content, it grew in profile through developing games with larger companies such as Sega and Disney Interactive Studios. In 2004, development on Lego Star Wars: The Video Game started with Giant Interactive Entertainment, the exclusive rights holder to Lego video games. entity bought the company in 2005, and the two merged to create TT Games, with entity becoming the new company's development arm.", "video game    entity is a British video game development company, founded in 1990 and based in Knutsford. It is a division of the TT Games group and a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.", "music    entity is the fourteenth studio album by English rock band Genesis, released on 28 October 1991 by Atlantic Records in the United States and 11 November 1991 on Virgin Records in the United Kingdom. It is their last studio album recorded with drummer and singer Phil Collins before his departure in 1996 to pursue solo projects full time. Production began after a four-year period of inactivity from the group, following the commercial success of Invisible Touch and its tour.", "music    entity is the fourteenth album by British band Genesis, released in November 1991. The album has sold over 10 million copies.", "music    entity is the first single from Jamaican reggae musician Shaggy's fifth studio album, Hot Shot . The song features vocals from Rikrok. The lyrics of the song depict one man asking his friend what to do after his girlfriend caught him cheating on her with \"the girl next door\". His friend's advice is to deny everything, despite clear evidence to the contrary, with the phrase \"It wasn't me.\"", "music    entity is a hit song released in 2001 by reggae singer, Shaggy, featuring Ricardo \"Rikrok\" Ducent.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter T-Pain. It was released on February 20, 2007 as the lead single from his second studio album, Epiphany. The song, produced by T-Pain himself, features a guest verse from American rapper Yung Joc.", "music    entity is a song by T-Pain. It was released on February 20, 2007. The song is the first official single from the album Epiphany. Yung Joc also makes an appearance in the song.", "actor    entity was a Brazilian actress.", "actor    entity is a Brazilian actress.", "music    entity is a song by English singer-songwriter David Bowie, originally released on his 1971 album Hunky Dory. RCA Records then released it as a single from the album on 7 January 1972. Written following his promotional tour of America in early 1971, entity was recorded at Trident Studios in London between June and July that year. Co-produced by Bowie and Ken Scott, it featured Strawbs member Rick Wakeman on piano and the musicians who would later become known as the Spiders from Mars: guitarist Mick Ronson, bassist Trevor Bolder and drummer Mick Woodmansey. The song also marks the first instance of Bowie playing the saxophone on one of his recordings.", "music    entity is a song by David Bowie released in December 1971 on the album Hunky Dory, then as a single in January 1972 with Andy Warhol on the B side. Like the album, entity received good reviews, but did not reach to rank well in the charts.", "sports team    entity is owned by the Glazer family and plays its home games at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa.", "sports team    entity are a National Football League franchise based in Tampa.", "actor    entity is a Japanese pop singer and voice actor who was popular in her native Japan in the mid-to-late 1980s.", "actor    entity is a Japanese singer, popular in her country in the mid-1980s. She was also the voice actor for the character of Eve in the first two OVAs of the anime Megazone 23.", "singer    entity is an American musician, singer, songwriter and producer. Known for his distinctive hoarse and soulful voice, he is the singer/guitarist for the punk rock band Rancid and hip hop/punk rock supergroup Transplants. Prior to forming Rancid, Armstrong was in the ska punk band Operation Ivy.", "singer    entity is the guitarist and singer of the flagship Californian punk band Rancid, as well as singer of the group The Transplants and manager of the independent label Hellcat Records.", "school    entity is an autobiography by the English naturalist Charles Darwin. Darwin wrote the text, which he entitled Recollections of the Development of my Mind and Character, for his family. He states that he started writing it on about May 28, 1876 and had finished it by August 3.", "school    entity is the autobiography of English naturalist Charles Darwin which was published in 1887, five years after his death. Darwin wrote the book, which he titled Recollections of the Development of my Mind and Character, for his family .", "actor    entity is an American actress. Throughout her career spanning over four decades, Close has garnered numerous accolades, including two Screen Actors Guild Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, three Primetime Emmy Awards, and three Tony Awards. Additionally, she has been nominated eight times for an Academy Award, holding the record for the most nominations in an acting category without a win . With her eighth nomination in 2021, she became one of the five most-nominated actresses in Academy history. In 2016, she was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame, and in 2019, Time magazine named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world.", "actor    entity is an American actress, screenwriter and producer, born March 19, 1947 in Greenwich, Connecticut.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American singer Bruno Mars. It was released on October 4, 2010, by Atlantic and Elektra Records. After the release of the EP It's Better If You Don't Understand , Mars's writing and production team, the Smeezingtons, began working on the album with Needlz, Supa Dups and Jeff Bhasker as producers. entity draws on a variety of influences. Lyrically, the album visualizes carefree optimism along with failed relationships, pain and loneliness. It was promoted primarily through the entity Tour and a co-headline tour with Janelle Mon\u00e1e, called Hooligans in Wondaland Tour , along with a number of television appearances. The album title was chosen to reflect simplicity and appeal to males and females.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American singer Bruno Mars, released on October 4, 2010.", "actor    entity is an English actor. Typecast as an antihero, he is known for action-thriller films and portraying tough, irredeemable, and machiavellian characters. Statham began practising Chinese martial arts, kickboxing, and karate recreationally in his youth while working at local market stalls. An avid footballer and diver, he was a member of Britain's national diving team and competed for England in the 1990 Commonwealth Games. Shortly after, he was asked to model for French Connection, Tommy Hilfiger, and Levi's in various advertising campaigns. His past history working at market stalls inspired his casting in the Guy Ritchie crime films Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch .", "actor    entity is a British actor, born July 26, 1967 in Chesterfield.", "war    entity is an American serial police procedural television series that aired on NBC in prime-time from January 15, 1981, to May 12, 1987, for 146 episodes. The show chronicles the lives of the staff of a single police station located on Hill Street in an unnamed large city. The \"blues\" are the police officers in their blue uniforms. The show received critical acclaim and its production innovations influenced many subsequent dramatic television series produced in the United States and Canada. In its debut season, the series won eight Emmy Awards, a debut season record later surpassed only by The West Wing. The show won a total of 26 Emmy Awards during its run, including four consecutive wins for Outstanding Drama Series.", "war    entity is an American television series in 146 episodes of 47 minutes, created by Michael Kozoll and Steven Bochco and broadcast between January 15, 1981 and May 12, 1987 on the NBC network. France, the series was broadcast from November 28, 1984 on Canal+ at 8:30 p.m. under the title Hill Street Blues.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. Between June 1974 and January 1983 the commune was merged with Duppigheim.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Bas-Rhin, in the Alsace region. From June 1, 1974 to January 1, 1983, the commune was merged with Duppigheim.", "sportsman    entity is a Georgian former footballer who last played for Dinamo Batumi.", "sportsman    entity is a Georgian international footballer born on April 20, 1986 in Tbilisi. He currently plays as a striker at Odense BK.", "music    entity is an extreme metal subgenre that combines death metal with metalcore. The genre consists of death metal guitar riffs, blast beats, and metalcore breakdowns. While there are some precursors to the concept of death metal fused with metalcore/hardcore elements seen in the 1990s, deathcore itself emerged in the early 2000s and gained most prominence beginning in the mid-2000s within the southwestern United States, especially Arizona and inland southern California , which are home to many notable bands and various festivals.", "music    entity is a musical fusion mixing the characteristics of death metal with those of metalcore and hardcore punk. It is defined by death metal riffs and the use of hardcore punk/metalcore breakdowns.", "war    entity is a 1955 British-Spanish historical romantic drama film directed by Terence Young and produced by Sy Bartlett and . It stars Olivia de Havilland, Gilbert Roland, and Paul Scofield. The film is based on a 1946 historical novel by Kate O'Brien, which was published in North America under the title For One Sweet Grape. It is the story of Ana de Mendoza, a swashbuckling, sword-toting princess. She lost an eye in a duel defending the honour of her king Philip II of Spain, . Philip later jilted Ana to marry Mary I, the Queen of England, marrying her off to an aging noble, who died, leaving her a widow. Subsequently, he asks Ana de Mendoza to assist him in tutoring commoner Antonio Perez (Gilbert Rola", "war    entity is a British-Spanish film directed by Terence Young, released in 1955.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rock group Captain Beefheart and his Magic Band, released in June 1967 by Buddah Records. A heavily blues-influenced work, the album features a 20-year-old Ry Cooder, who played guitar and wrote some of the arrangements.", "music    entity is the debut album by Captain Beefheart & His Magic Band, released in 1967.", "music    entity is a 1977 single by Linda McCartney and Wings released under the pseudonym Suzy and the Red Stripes. It charted at #59 in the US and in the UK at #90 in 1986.", "music    entity is a song by Paul McCartney and the Wings released as a single in 1977 under the pseudonym Suzy and the Red Stripes. It is the only Wings single released under this name.", "music    entity is a song by German band Rammstein. It was released on 16 December 2005, as the second single from the band's album of the same name. The song was highly anticipated by fans of Rammstein, as it was first hailed in February 2004 to be the first single from the band's fourth studio album, Reise, Reise .", "music    entity is a song by the band Rammstein released as a single from their album entity.", "actor    entity was an American biochemist. He was a professor of chemistry and biochemistry at the University of California, San Diego and was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his discovery and development of the green fluorescent protein, in collaboration with organic chemist Osamu Shimomura and neurobiologist Martin Chalfie. Tsien was also a pioneer of calcium imaging.", "actor    entity is a Chinese-American biochemist and biophysicist, co-recipient of the 2008 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Osamu Shimomura and Martin Chalfie.", "music    entity is a song by the American rapper and recording artist Lil Wayne, featuring a guest appearance by Eminem. It was the third single released from Lil Wayne's seventh studio album, Rebirth . The song was released on iTunes on December 28, 2009. Lil Wayne, Eminem and Travis Barker of Blink-182 performed the song together along with Drake's song \"Forever\" at the 52nd Grammy Awards in 2010. On April 10, 2014, the single was certified quadruple platinum by the RIAA.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne with the participation of another rapper of the same nationality, Eminem. Featured on Lil Wayne's seventh album, Rebirth, it serves as the album's third single. entity was released on iTunes on December 28, 2009. At the 52nd Grammy Awards, Lil Wayne, Eminem and Travis Barker performed the song just before Forever with Drake.", "singer    entity is a musician, a lyricist, a composer and a conductor. He won the top prize of Conservatoire National de Musique de Paris for his absolute pitch technique. He became the music conductor in French TV show Nouvelle Star and he is now a judge in X Factor on M6 , next to V\u8305ronic DiCaire, Henry Padovani and Christophe Willem. His father is Jean Schultheis and his brother is Julien Schultheis.", "singer    entity is a musician, lyricist, composer and conductor born on April 29, 1965. He was the conductor of the Nouvelle Star television program and juror of the X Factor program on M6, alongside V\u00e9ronic DiCaire, Henry Padovani and Christophe Willem. He is musical director of The Voice seasons 1 and 2. His father is Jean Schultheis and his brother Julien Schultheis. His children are named Jules and Adrian. He composed Mozart, the rock opera", "airport    entity is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Vosges department in the Lorraine region. Its inhabitants are called Dombaslois.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Rolling Stones. Written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards, it was recorded in the late summer of 1966 during early sessions for what would become their Between the Buttons album. It was the first Stones single to be released simultaneously in both the UK and the US, and reached number five and number nine on those countries' charts, respectively.", "music    entity is a Rolling Stones song released in 1966 on the Big Hits compilation, then as a single. This is their first song featuring brass.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, written by John Lennon and credited to Lennon\u2013McCartney. Issued as a single in April 1965, it became the Beatles' seventh consecutive number 1 hit in the United Kingdom and their third consecutive number 1 hit in the United States, and similarly topped national charts in Canada, Australia and Ireland.", "music    entity is a Beatles song, primarily written by John Lennon, though credited Lennon/McCartney. Published as a single in April 1965, it also appears on the album Help! which appeared on August 6, 1965. Because of its particular drumming rhythm and its ubiquitous guitars, Lennon calls this title a precursor to the heavy metal genre. entity reached number one on the charts in both the UK and the US.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish former professional ice hockey defenceman. He last played for Lukko of the Finnish Liiga.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Janet Jackson from her third studio album, Control . Jackson co-wrote the song with its producers Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. It was released on January 13, 1986, by A&M Records as the album's lead single. After two unsuccessful albums and a management change, the singer began developing a new album. entity was originally penned for one of Jam and Lewis's own records, but the lyrics were rewritten to convey Jackson's feelings about her recent divorce from James DeBarge in January 1985. It revolves around a woman's frustration with her partner in a relationship.", "music    entity is the lead single from Janet Jackson's third studio album titled Control. This single was released on January 13, 1986 and is written by Janet Jackson, Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. Originally, entity was intended for Jam and Lewis but the lyrics were re-written to express Jackson's feelings on her recent annulment to James DeBarge in 1985.", "city    entity is a department in Alsace which is a part of the Grand Est super-region of France. The name means 'Lower Rhine', referring to its lower altitude among both French Rhine departments: it is downstream of the Haut Rhin department. Note that both belong to the European Upper Rhine region. It is, with the Haut Rhin , one of the two departments of the traditional Alsace region. The more populous and densely populated of the pair, it had 1,125,559 inhabitants in 2017. The prefecture is based in Strasbourg. The INSEE and Post Code is 67.", "city    entity is a French department in the Alsace region. The prefecture as well as the general council are based in Strasbourg. Insee and La Poste assign it the code 67.", "sportsman    entity is a Congolese professional football player, who currently plays for Tours FC and the DR Congo national team.", "sportsman    entity is a Congolese international footballer playing as a striker.", "sports team    entity is a player who is eligible to sign with other clubs or franchises; i.e., not under contract to any specific team. The term is also used in reference to a player who is under contract at present but who is allowed to solicit offers from other teams. In some circumstances, the free agent's options are limited by league rules.", "sports team    entity is a player whose contract with his team has expired and who can sign a contract with another team. The term is common in North America where the phenomenon exists in all four major leagues: the National Football League, Major League Baseball, the National Hockey League, and the National Basketball Association.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper and producer Diddy from his fourth studio album, Press Play , featuring guest vocals from Pussycat Dolls lead singer Nicole Scherzinger. The song was written by Sean Combs, Mike Winans, Scherzinger, Jacoby White, Shay Winans, Shannon \"Slam\" Lawrence, Roger Greene Jr., Richard Frierson and Yakubu Izuagbe with production held by Jai and Younglord.", "music    entity is a song by American producer and rapper P. Diddy from his fourth studio album, Press Play. It is the first single from the album in collaboration with Nicole Scherzinger, released on September 29, 2006.", "sports team    entity is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman. Drafted by the Ottawa Senators in the first round, 23rd overall, at the 2001 NHL Entry Draft, Gleason played in the NHL for the Los Angeles Kings, Carolina Hurricanes, Toronto Maple Leafs and the Washington Capitals.", "sports team    entity is an American professional ice hockey player. He plays with the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League.", "stadium    entity is a multi-purpose indoor arena in Prague, Czech Republic, whose naming rights are currently leased to Czech betting company Tipsport. The arena, located on the fairgrounds in the neighbourhood of Hole\u0161ovice, opened in 1962 as Sportovn\u00ed hala and has a capacity of 13,150 for ice hockey games. Until 2015, it was the home arena of Czech Extraliga team HC Sparta Praha and between 2012 and 2014 KHL's team HC Lev Praha.", "stadium    entity is a multipurpose hall built in 1962 in the city of Prague in the Czech Republic. The hall is sponsored by Tipsport.", "actor    entity was an American actor, best known for his two collaborations with director Alfred Hitchcock: Rope in 1948 and Strangers on a Train in 1951. Granger was first noticed in a small stage production in Hollywood by a Goldwyn casting director, and given a significant role in The North Star, a controversial film praising the Soviet Union at the height of World War II, but later condemned for its political bias. Another war film, The Purple Heart, followed, before Granger's naval service in Honolulu, in a unit that arranged troop entertainment in the Pacific. Here he made useful contacts, including Bob Hope, Betty Grable and Rita Hayworth. It was also where he began exploring his bisexuality, which he said he never felt any need to conceal.", "actor    entity was an American actor .", "actor    entity was an American actor, musician, producer, director, and studio head. Though he came to stardom as a musical comedy performer, he showed versatility, and successfully transformed into a hardboiled leading man, starring in projects of a more dramatic nature. He was the first actor to portray private detective Philip Marlowe on screen.", "actor    entity was an American actor and director.", "royal    entity is a county in South West England with an area of 3,485 km2 . It is landlocked and borders the counties of Dorset, Somerset, Hampshire, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire. The county town was originally Wilton, after which the county is named, but entity Council is now based in the county town of Trowbridge. Within the county's boundary are two unitary authority areas, entity and Swindon, governed respectively by entity Council and Swindon Borough Council.", "royal    entity is a ceremonial county in the southwest of England, with an area of \u200b\u200b3,476 km2. It is bordered by the counties of Hampshire, Dorset, Somerset, Gloucestershire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire. Its administrative capital is Trowbridge, located in the west of the county. The county is renowned for the stones of Stonehenge, the huge Avebury Cromlech and Salisbury Cathedral.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper DMX. It was released on May 19, 1998, by Ruff Ryders and Def Jam. It was supported by four singles\u2014\"Get at Me Dog\", \"Stop Being Greedy\", \"Ruff Ryders Anthem\" and \"How's It Goin' Down\", in order of release\u2014and their accompanying music videos. It primarily includes production from Dame Grease and PK , in addition to production from Irv Gotti and Lil Rob , Younglord , and Swizz Beatz . The album is widely considered a classic among hip hop fans and critics.", "music    entity is DMX's debut studio album, released on May 19, 1998. The album ranked #1 on the Billboard 200 and Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. For this album, DMX collaborated with the producers Irv Gotti, PK, Dame Grease and Swizz Beatz, each bringing their own style. Most of the songs feature dark beats and violent lyrics, but some like Ruff Ryders' Anthem or How's It Goin' Down are lighter.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American rock band Talking Heads, released on October 8, 1980 by Sire Records. It was recorded at Compass Point Studios in the Bahamas and Sigma Sound Studios in Philadelphia between July and August 1980 and was their final album to be produced by Brian Eno.", "music    entity is the Talking Heads' fourth studio album, released on October 8, 1980.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American West Coast hip hop recording artist and producer DJ Quik, released on November 24, 1998, by Arista Records and was certified Gold by the RIAA on July 7, 1999. It peaked at number 63 on the US Billboard 200 chart. He recorded the album at Skip Sailor Recordings in Los Angeles, and worked with producer G-One. The album featured the singles \"You'z a Ganxta\", \"Hand In Hand\" featuring 2nd II None & El DeBarge, and \"Down, Down, Down\" featuring Suga Free, Mausberg & AMG.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by DJ Quik, released on November 10, 1998. The album, which ranked 13th on the Billboard 200 and 63rd on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, was certified platinum. by the RIAA on July 27, 1999.", "music    entity is a song by American music artist Marvin Gaye. Written by the singer and produced by Art Stewart as a response to a request from Gaye's record label that he perform disco music, it was released in March 1977. Upon its release, it topped three different Billboard charts and became a worldwide success. Gaye sometimes used the song to open his concerts. The song has been covered by several acts.", "music    entity is a 1977 single by American singer Marvin Gaye. Written by the singer and produced by Art Stewart, the song is from the live album Live at the London Palladium, although it was recorded in the studio in Los Angeles. It was Marvin Gaye's last title that allowed him to take first place in the ranking of best-selling 45 rpm records in the United States.", "singer    entity is German folk music; he typically sang in the Bavarian dialect of the rural Alpine regions.", "singer    entity is a famous Bavarian yodeler. He plays the guitar, the accordion and has written several books on yodelling. He sings in German but also in Bavarian and rural Alpine dialects.", "music    entity is a compilation of songs composed by electronic musician Ludovic Navarre, also known as St. Germain. The 2xCD edition of this album has a different tracklisting. This edition was re-issued digitally in 2012, under subtitle 'The Complete Series For Connoisseurs'. In 2009 it was awarded a silver certification from the Independent Music Companies Association which indicated sales of at least 30,000 copies throughout Europe.", "music    entity is a compilation of several titles by Ludovic Navarre under various pseudonyms.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American singer Lady Gaga. It was released on August 19, 2008, by Interscope Records. After joining Kon Live Distribution and Cherrytree Records in 2008, Gaga began working on the album with different producers, primarily RedOne, Martin Kierszenbaum, and Rob Fusari. Musically, entity is an electropop, synth-pop, and dance-pop album that displays influences from 1980s music. Lyrically, it visualizes Gaga's love of fame in general, while also dealing with subjects such as love, sex, money, drugs, and sexual identity. The album was primarily promoted through entity Ball Tour and multiple television appearances, and was reissued as a deluxe edition with entity Monster on November 18, 2009.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American artist Lady Gaga. Released on August 19, 2008 under the Interscope label, it is built by several producers including RedOne, Martin Kierszenbaum and Rob Fusari. The songs on the album are primarily inspired by Gaga's overall love of fame in addition to dealing with her personal take on the intricacies of wealth and the celebrity lifestyle.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a commune in the south-west of France, located in the department of Charente-Maritime. Its inhabitants are called Saint-Palaisien and Saint-Palaisiennes.", "music    entity were an American rock band formed in New York City in 1971. Along with the Velvet Underground and the Stooges, they were one of the first bands of the early punk rock scenes and performed twice a week regularly at the Oscar Wilde Room of the Mercer Arts Center. In the band\u2019s earlier days, Ruby and the Rednecks used to open for them at the gigs and were greatly inspired by them. Although the band never achieved much commercial success and their original line-up fell apart quickly, the band's first two albums\u2014New York Dolls and Too Much Too Soon \u2014became among the most popular cult records in rock. The line-up at this time comprised vocalist David Johansen, guitarist Johnny Thunders, bassist Arthur Kane, guitarist and pianist Sylvain Sylvain and drummer Jerry N", "music    entity is an American rock group founded in 1971 in New York and dissolved in 1977. They are the typical example of rock musicians flirting with disturbed imagery and reinventing the \"Roaring Twenties\".", "music    entity is a song by English indie rock band Kaiser Chiefs, appearing on their debut album, Employment . It was originally released as their second single on 1 November 2004 and was the band's first release on the B-Unique label. It entered at number 22 on the UK Singles Chart. When re-released in 2005 as a double A-side with \"Sink that Ship\", it peaked at number nine on the UK chart.", "music    entity is the second single from Kaiser Chiefs' album Employment. First released in 2004, it reached number 22 on the UK Singles Chart. It then emerged the following year, a few months after the release of the album, and then reached 9 place in the same ranking. It is silver certified in the UK.", "music    entity is the debut single by American singer Lady Gaga. She co-wrote the song with Akon and his producer RedOne. It also features vocals from Colby O'Donis and was released on April 8, 2008, as the lead single from Gaga's debut studio album, The Fame. The song was written by Gaga in 10 minutes as \"a happy record\". entity lyrically speaks about being intoxicated at a club.", "music    entity is the debut single from American artist Lady Gaga. The song is written by Gaga, Akon, RedOne, who also contributes backing vocals, as well as RedOne, who also produces the track, and is in collaboration with Colby O'Donis. It was released in 2008 as the lead single from Gaga's debut album, The Fame. The track is written by Gaga in ten minutes in a \"funny studio\". The track has several R&B influences and lyrically deals with intoxication in the", "music    entity is a song recorded by Japanese recording artist Namie Amuro. The song was composed, written and arranged by Tetsuya Komuro for her same titled debut album. A month after its release, her label Avex Trax released the song as a recut single due to popular demand. The song's subject and the album was about the melancholic passing of another sweet year of youth, which is a particularly Japanese obsession. The new version of the song marked 18 years since its original release in 2014.", "music    entity is Namie Amuro's 5th regular single released on the Avex Trax label, or the 7th under her own name counting both on the Toshiba-EMI label. It was released on August 21, 1996 in Japan, produced by Tetsuya Komuro, and reached #2 on the Oricon chart. It sold 102,000 copies in the first week, and remained ranked for 13 weeks, for a total of 452,890 copies sold.", "movie    entity was an American film production company at Walt Disney Studios, formed by Roger Birnbaum and Joe Roth. Caravan's films were distributed by Buena Vista Pictures Distribution. While Disney would sign directors and talent to two- and three-picture deals, Caravan would work with talent based on the project being produced and not lock them into agreements. The production company's slate strategy was to commit to screenwriters as directors, put bankable actors in predictable roles, and low-budget movies with like breakthrough talent. The unit had greenlight authority up to $30 million with the expectation of producing 5 to 7 films a year and did not have salary caps. They also did not have its own full business and legal affairs departments, and executives did not have tit", "movie    entity was one of the production studios of the Walt Disney Company.", "war    entity is an action role-playing video game developed by Cavia and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 in April 2010. In Japan, the game was released as entity Replicant for the PlayStation 3 with a younger main character, while an alternative version titled entity Gestalt with an older main character was released for the Xbox 360; Gestalt was released outside of Japan as entity for both platforms. A remaster of the game, entity Replicant ver.1.22474487139..., was released for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Windows on April 23, 2021.", "war    entity is an action-RPG video game developed by Cavia and published by Square Enix. It was released in April 2010 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. In Japan, the PS3 version is titled entity RepliCant and the Xbox 360 version, entity Gestalt. The main differences are the main character entity's physical appearance and his relationship with Yonah. In other regions, the versions of both platforms are only based on entity Gestalt.", "movie    entity is a Canadian filmmaker, best known for The Corporation and Manufacturing Consent: Noam Chomsky and the Media .", "movie    entity is a Canadian producer, director, cinematographer, screenwriter and editor.", "actor    entity was an American actor who worked primarily and lived in the United Kingdom, best known for his role as Admiral Motti in Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope and the acerbic police Lt. Santino in Who Framed Roger Rabbit .", "actor    entity was an American actor and screenwriter.", "music    entity is a short story by Stephen King, first published in King's 1978 collection Night Shift. The story was also printed in the illustrated edition of King's 1975 novel 'Salem's Lot.", "music    entity is a short story by Stephen King that is part of the collection Danse macabre published in 1978. It was also published in 2005 in a deluxe edition of the novel Salem.", "singer    entity is an Indonesian-Japanese idol group whose name is derived from its based city of Jakarta and the Japanese idol group AKB48. Formed in 2011, it is the first AKB48 sister group outside Japan and adopts the concept of \"idols you can meet\", before switching to \"idols that will come to meet you\" since 8 April 2018. The group opened its own theater in the 4th floor of fX Sudirman shopping mall in early September 2012. Fans can attend daily performances at the group's theater, which was built as a close replica to the AKB48 Theater in Akihabara.", "singer    entity is an Indonesian female pop group based in Jakarta, established in 2011, modeled after Japanese affiliate group AKB48. This is the first foreign sister group of AKB48 produced by Yasushi Akimoto.", "music    entity is a song by American hip hop recording artist 50 Cent, released as the fifth single from his third album Curtis . The song, which was produced by DJ Khalil, features guest vocals from Senegalese-American singer Akon. The single officially hit airwaves on November 6, 2007. The song peaked at number 95 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart.", "music    entity is the fifth single by rapper 50 Cent from his third album Curtis, featuring Akon. The single was officially released on November 6, 2007.", "war    entity is a role-playing video game developed by Square for the PlayStation and released in Japan on July 11, 1997. The game was later published by Sony Computer Entertainment in North America on March 25, 1998. It is the seventh game in the SaGa series, the first to be released on the PlayStation, and the first to be released under the SaGa brand outside Japan . A remastered version featuring additional characters, events and features was released on April 15, 2021 for Android, iOS, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4.", "war    entity is a PlayStation role-playing video game developed by Square released in Japan in July 1997 and in the United States in March 1998. It is the seventh installment in the SaGa game series, the first on Playstation, and also won a great success, selling 1.08 million copies in Japan.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Gr\u8d38jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 11 kilometres north-west of Gr\u8d38jec and 36 km south-west of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Pniewy in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland. It is located about 11 kilometers northwest of Gr\u00f3jec and 36 kilometers south- west of Warsaw.", "singer    entity is widely considered to be the greatest Croatian writer of the 20th century. He wrote notable works in all the literary genres, including poetry , theater , short stories , novels , and an intimate diary. His recurrent theme is bourgeois hypocrisy and conformism in Austria-Hungary and the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Krle\u017ea wrote numerous essays on problems of art, history, politics, literature, philosophy, and military strategy, and was known as one of the great polemicists of the century. His style combines visionary poetic l", "singer    entity is a Croatian writer from Yugoslavia.", "actor    entity was a Colombian novelist, short-story writer, screenwriter, and journalist, known affectionately as Gabo or Gabito throughout Latin America. Considered one of the most significant authors of the 20th century, particularly in the Spanish language, he was awarded the 1972 Neustadt International Prize for Literature and the 1982 Nobel Prize in Literature. He pursued a self-directed education that resulted in leaving law school for a career in journalism. From early on he showed no inhibitions in his criticism of Colombian and foreign politics. In 1958 he married Mercedes Barcha Pardo ; they had two sons, Rodrigo and Gonzalo.", "actor    entity is a Colombian writer. Novelist, short story writer, but also journalist and political activist, he received the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1982. Affectionately known as \"Gabo\" in South America, he is one of the most significant and popular authors of the 20th century.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in Bavaria, Germany.", "city    entity is a municipality in Bavaria, located in the district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen, in the district of Upper Bavaria.Portal of Bavaria Portal of Bavaria", "city    entity is a commune in the C\u00f4tes-d'Armor department of the region of Brittany in northwestern France. entity is situated between Perros-Guirec and Pleumeur-Bodou. Lannion is 10 kilometres away.", "city    entity is one of the smallest communes in the C\u00f4tes-d'Armor department, in the Brittany region, in France. The inhabitants are called entitylois. A seaside resort, entity has around 2,400 inhabitants, but this number is multiplied by five in the summer season.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Krasne, which lies approximately 13 kilometres south-east of Przasnysz and 79 km north of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 100.94 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 3,841 .", "city    entity is a, in central-eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of entity, which lies approximately 13 km southeast of Przasnysz and 79 km north of Warsaw. Rural gmina of Przasnysz county, Mazovia The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b100.94 km2 with a population of 3 841 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the 6th British and 8th American studio album by the English rock band the Rolling Stones, released in December 1967 by Decca Records in the UK and by London Records in the US. It is their first to be released in identical versions in both countries. The album's title is a play on the \"Her Britannic Majesty requests and requires...\" text that appears inside a British passport.", "music    entity is the sixth Rolling Stones album released in Great Britain and the eighth released in the United States.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of the Somme in the Picardy region.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the city of Leszno, although the city is not part of the county . The only towns in entity are Rydzyna, which lies 9 km south-east of Leszno, and Osieczna, 10 km north-east of Leszno.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "airport    entity is a former commune in the Ard\u00e8che department in southern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Saint-Julien-d'entity.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Ard\u00e8che, in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. By a law of September 15, 1947, with effect from September 17, the municipality of entity was created \u201cfrom a foreign part\u201d; the Insee code 06163 therefore does not correspond to the alphabetical order. Its inhabitants are called Tendasques.", "music    entity is a song written by Michael Brown, Bob Calilli, and Tony Sansone for the band the Left Banke, released as a single in July 1966. Steve Martin Caro is featured on lead vocals. It spent 13 weeks on the US charts, with a top spot of #5. It has been widely praised and has since been cited as a quintessence of the baroque pop genre. In 2005, Rolling Stone placed it at #220 in the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. The track returned to nationwide charts with cover versions by The Four Tops and Rick Price .", "music    entity is a song by the American group The Left Banke released in 45 rpm in July 1966.", "sportsman    entity is a Venezuelan footballer who currently is retired. He has played for his national team and also had international spells at Chilean side Coquimbo Unido and Espoli.", "sportsman    entity is a Venezuelan international footballer.", "company    entity is a French container transportation and shipping company. It is a leading worldwide shipping group, using 257 shipping routes between 420 ports in 160 different countries. Its headquarters are in Marseille, France, European Union and its North American headquarters are in Norfolk, Virginia, United States. The name is an acronym of two predecessor companies, Compagnie Maritime d'Affr\u00e8tement and Compagnie G\u00e9n\u00e9rale Maritime , which translate as \"Maritime Freighting Company\" and \"General Maritime Company\".", "company    entity is the world's third-largest container shipping company and the first in France. Its global transport offer includes maritime transport, port handling and land logistics .", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Fat Joe, who had previously released his first album under the name Fat Joe da Gangsta. The album was released on October 24, 1995, by Relativity. The song \"Watch Out\" is known for having the first ever record appearance of fellow rapper Big Pun.", "music    entity is Fat Joe's second studio album, released on October 3, 1995. The album ranked #7 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #71 on the Billboard 200.", "music    entity is the third album by the British rock band Anathema. It was released on 11 November 1996 through Peaceville Records.", "music    entity is the third album by English alternative metal band Anathema, released on November 11, 1996, by Peaceville Records. This album marks an evolution in the band's musical style, notably with the abandonment of death metal, more melancholic compositions, and a emphasis on acoustic instruments. The song Hope is a cover of Roy Harper from the album Whatever Happened to Jugula?.", "music    entity is the third single from British hip-hop artist Estelle's second album Shine. The song is an improvised cover of both Reggae performer Half Pint's \"Substitute Lover\" and George Michael's \"Faith\". The song is her second international single in Europe.", "music    entity is a single by British singer Estelle Swaray from her 2nd studio album Shine. The title is a sampling of the song Faith by George Michael and Substitute Lover by Lindon Roberts", "company    entity is the state-owned oil and gas company of Kazakhstan. It was founded in 2002 by merging Kazakhoil and Oil and Gas Transportation.", "company    entity is the national oil and gas company of Kazakhstan founded in 2002.", "actor    entity is an American computer scientist, mathematician, and professor emeritus at Stanford University. He is the 1974 recipient of the ACM Turing Award, informally considered the Nobel Prize of computer science. Knuth has been called the \"father of the analysis of algorithms\".", "actor    entity is a renowned American computer scientist and mathematician and Emeritus Professor of Computer Science at Stanford University .", "music    entity is the second studio album by American Christian rock band Skillet. It was released in 1998 as an enhanced CD from ForeFront Records and Ardent Records.", "music    entity is the second album by American hard rock band Skillet. It was released by Forefront Records and Ardent Records.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 19 April 2009 at the Shanghai International Circuit, Shanghai, People's Republic of China. It was the third race of the 2009 Formula One season, a change from previous years, when it took place towards the end of the season.", "competition    entity is the 806th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950 and the third round of the 2009 championship.", "mountain    entity is a mountain of the Pennine Alps, located on the Swiss-Italian border. It lies west of the Dent d'H\u00e9rens, between the valleys of Mattertal and Valpelline .", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Pennine Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy. The summit is between the T\u00eate Blanche and the Dent d'H\u00e9rens. It overlooks the Valpelline on the Italian side, and the Zermatt valley on the Swiss side. The ascent on the Aosta Valley side usually starts from the Aosta refuge.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Hautes-Alpes department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region.", "music    entity is a 1986 American-French musical drama film directed by Bertrand Tavernier and written by Tavernier and David Rayfiel. It stars Dexter Gordon, Fran\u00e7ois Cluzet and Herbie Hancock. Martin Scorsese, Philippe Noiret and Wayne Shorter appear in cameos.", "music    entity is a film by Bertrand Tavernier, released in 1986. It won the C\u00e9sar for best sound and the Oscar for best music in 1987.", "music    entity is the second album by the American garage punk band the Cramps. It was released in May 1981 on I.R.S. Records. It was engineered by Paul McKenna and recorded in January 1981 at A&M Studios. It was self-produced by the Cramps. The photo on the back cover of the album was taken by the noted photographer and director Anton Corbijn. Single \"Goo Goo Muck\" later appeared on the soundtrack to the 1986 film Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American rock band The Cramps.", "politician    entity is an Italian politician. A prominent member of the now-defunct centre-right People of Freedom, he joined the New Centre-Right party in 2013, but he left it in 2016 for Forza Italia, the People of Freedom's successor. From 29 April 2008 to 14 March 2013 he was president of the Italian Senate. Schifani was born in Palermo.", "politician    entity is an Italian parliamentarian, president of the Senate of the Republic from 2008 to 2013 during the XVI legislature of the Parliament of the Italian Republic.", "city    entity is a city in Eastern Slovakia. It is a seat of the administrative entity Region and \u0160ari\u0161 as well as the historic S\u00e1ros County of the Kingdom of Hungary. With a population of approximately 90,000 for the city, and in total about 110,000 in the metropolitan area, it is the third-largest city in Slovakia. It lends its name to the Eperjes-Tokaj Hill-Chain which was considered as the geographic entity on the first map of Hungary from 1528. There are many tourist attractions in entity such as castles, pools and the old town.", "city    entity is a city in eastern Slovakia.", "singer    entity is a Norwegian jazz saxophonist, who is also active in classical music and world music. Garbarek was born in Mysen, \u00d8stfold, southeastern Norway, the only child of a former Polish prisoner of war, Czes\u0142aw Garbarek, and a Norwegian farmer's daughter. He grew up in Oslo, stateless until the age of seven, as there was no automatic grant of citizenship in Norway at the time. When he was 21, he married the author Vigdis Garbarek. He is the father of musician and composer Anja Garbarek.", "singer    entity is a Norwegian jazz and ethno-jazz saxophonist. Jan Garbarek contributed to the history of jazz by creating an original and very personal aesthetic, favoring melody and the sensibility. Garbarek has a particularly recognizable musical identity, clearly departing from traditional American jazz.", "war    entity is a Chilean action television series created by Nona Fern\u00e1ndez, that aired on the main channel of Televisi\u00f3n Nacional de Chile from March 14, to October 5, 2011, starring Sigrid Alegr\u00eda, Francisco Reyes, Marcelo Alonso, Amparo Noguera, Basti\u00e1n Bodenh\u00f6fer, and Mauricio Pesutic.", "war    entity is a Chilean telenovela broadcast in 2011 by TVN.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Eure-et-Loir in the Center region.", "singer    entity is an English musician, singer, and songwriter, known as a founder of two major rock bands: the Moody Blues, with whom he played from 1964 to 1966, and Wings, with whom he played from 1971 to 1981. Laine has worked with a variety of artists and groups over a six-decade career, and continues to record and perform as a solo artist. In 2018, Laine was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of the Moody Blues.", "singer    entity is a rock guitarist, known as a founding member of the Moody Blues, then he was part of the Wings.", "city    entity is the most populous city in Scotland and the fourth-most populous city in the United Kingdom, as well as being the 27th largest city by population in Europe. In 2020, it had an estimated population of 635,640. Historically part of Lanarkshire, the city now forms the entity City council area, one of the 32 council areas of Scotland, and is governed by entity City Council. It is situated on the River Clyde in the country's West Central Lowlands.", "city    entity is the largest and most populous city in Scotland and the third largest metropolitan area in the United Kingdom. It also has the status of council area and lieutenancy region, after having had that of a district within the Strathclyde region of which it was the seat. It is located in the western central part of the Scottish Lowlands.", "music    entity is the debut major label studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne. It was released on November 2, 1999, by Ca$h Money and Universal. Recording sessions took place from 1997 to 1999, with the executive production from Baby and Slim, all of these tracks were produced by Mannie Fresh himself. Prior to release, the album was known by the title I Ride at Night.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne, released on September 2, 1999 in the United States.", "music    entity is the tenth album by jazz pianist Herbie Hancock, released in 1972. It is the second album in his Mwandishi period, which saw him experimenting in electronics and funk. The album is the band's first to feature new member, synthesizer player Patrick Gleeson. He was scheduled to \"set up his Moog synthesiser for Hancock to play.\" However, Hancock was so impressed with Gleeson that he \"asked Gleeson not only to do the overdubs on the album but join the group.\"", "music    entity is a fusion album by Herbie Hancock released in 1972.", "singer    entity is an English singer, songwriter, and television personality. He rose to prominence during the 1970s as the lead vocalist of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath, during which period he adopted the nickname \"Prince of Darkness\".", "singer    entity is a British heavy metal singer. He is also nicknamed The Prince of Darkness in reference to the escapades of his private life and his performances on stage.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey forward.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Vend\u00e9e department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.", "airport    entity is a commune in the center-west of France, located in the Vend\u00e9e department in the Pays de la Loire region.", "music    entity is a song by Scottish DJ Calvin Harris from his third studio album, 18 Months . It features vocals from Florence and the Machine singer Florence Welch. Harris previously worked with the band in a remix of their single, \"Spectrum\" . While recording 18 Months, Harris expressed interest in working with Welch. He mentioned that it was not easy and he had to chase her, due to schedule conflicts. Welch accepted his invitation and the two recorded entity. The track premiered on The Chris Moyles Show on BBC Radio 1 on 28 August 2012 and was later released as the fifth single from the album on 12 October 2012.", "music    entity is a song by Scottish artist Calvin Harris performed by British singer Florence Welch. Florence Welch is the lead singer of the indie rock band Florence and the Machine. Taken from Calvin Harris' 3rd studio album 18 Months, the single was released on October 14, 2012. The song is written by Calvin Harris, Florence Welch and Kid Harpoon and produced by Calvin Harris.", "music    entity is the third studio album by Canadian / American musician Neil Young, released in September 1970 on Reprise Records, catalogue number RS 6383. It is one of four high-profile albums released by each of the members of folk rock collective Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young in the wake of their chart-topping 1970 album D\u00e9j\u00e0 Vu, along with Stephen Stills , If I Could Only Remember My Name and Songs for Beginners . The album consists mainly of country folk music, along with the rocking \"Southern Man\", inspired by the unproduced Dean Stockwell-Herb Bermann screenplay entity.", "music    entity is Neil Young's third solo album. The album alternates between rock, as in his previous album Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere, folk and acoustic country rock in the style of the supergroup Crosby, Stills & Nash .", "government    entity is a communist party in Moldova led by Vladimir Voronin. It is the only communist party to have held a majority government in the post-Soviet states. The PCRM describes itself as a democratic socialist party. It has been variously described as communist, Moldovenist, and Russophilian.", "government    entity is a political party in Moldova. It is led by Vladimir Voronin, President of the Republic between 2001 and 2009. The PCRM is the heir of the Communist Party of the Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic, affiliated with the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by the English space rock group Hawkwind, released in 1977. It spent six weeks on the UK albums chart peaking at number 30. This is Hawkwind's seventh studio album, hence \"The Hawkwind Part 7\" title on the inner sleeve. It is the band's first album without co-founding member Nik Turner, and drummer Alan Powell had also departed. In addition, Adrian \"Ade\" Shaw from Magic Muscle replaced Paul Rudolph during the recording session. The music on this album is more pop-oriented than with their previous offerings.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by British space rock band Hawkwind, released in 1977.", "government    entity is a social democratic political party in Germany. It is one of the two major parties of contemporary Germany along with the Christian Democratic Union of Germany .", "government    entity is Germany's oldest party. It is the only one of the current major parties of the Federal Republic of Germany which existed in a comparable form before the Second World War. It is with the CDU, the German political party with the most members with a total of 500,000.", "competition    entity was a Grand Prix motor race held at the Circuit de Monaco on 17 April 1932. Tazio Nuvolari, driving for the works Alfa Romeo team, won the race by just 2.8 seconds from the privateer Alfa of Rudolf Caracciola, who, despite having a contract for 1932, was not yet part of the official works team. Caracciola might have had an opportunity to pass Nuvolari for the lead, after the Italian's car developed fuel pick-up issues, but he decided instead to remain behind the Alfa Romeo team leader. The 1931 Monaco Grand Prix runner-up Luigi Fagioli completed the podium in third for the Maserati team.", "competition    entity is \u200b\u200ba Grand Prix held on the Monaco circuit on April 17, 1932.", "school    entity is a public land-grant research university in Illinois in the twin cities of Champaign and Urbana. It is the flagship institution of the University of Illinois system and was founded in 1867. Enrolling over 56,000 undergraduate and graduate students, the University of Illinois is one of the largest public universities by enrollment in the nation.", "school    entity is the main campus of the University of Illinois, a public institution located in the twin cities of Champaign and Urbana, two hundred miles south of Chicago. It should not be confused with the University of Illinois at Chicago, another large institution in the University of Illinois system which is located in Chicago.", "music    entity is the 19th studio album by the British band Jethro Tull released in September 1995. It carries characteristics of Tull's classic 1970s progressive rock and folk rock roots alongside jazz and Arabic and Indian influences. All songs were written by Ian Anderson and recorded at his home studio. This is the last Tull album to feature Dave Pegg on the bass, and the first to feature keyboardist Andrew Giddings as an official band member, although he had contributed to Catfish Rising on a sessional basis. As a result, the album notably features the five longest serving members to date in Jethro Tull\u2019s history. It was also the final Tull album to be released through long-time label Chrysalis Records.", "music    entity is an album by Jethro Tull released in 1995.", "mountain    entity is a mountain peak of Catalonia, Spain. Located in the Pyrenees, it is the higher of the two peaks of the Els Encantats mountain, with an altitude of 2,748 metres above sea level. It is the tallest point on the Els Encantas twin peaks, the shorter being Petit Encantat, which at 2,733 metres is only 12 metres shorter than entity. entity towers over the picturesque reservoir of Estany de Sant Maurici, and to the east Pica d'Estats can be seen. entity is also an incredible climbing destination, with many people climbing, hiking and scrambling in the summer. The mountain is ideal for these activities as it is around 5 kilometres from the small town of Espot.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in the Spanish Catalan Pyrenees. Located in the south of the Val d'Aran, it is protected by the Aig\u00fcestortes National Park and Lake Saint-Maurice.", "music    entity is a song by French music producer David Guetta released as the second single from his sixth studio album, Listen. It features vocals by American singer and songwriter Sam Martin, who had also appeared on Guetta's previous single \"Lovers on the Sun\". It was released as a digital download on 6 October 2014. Both artists co-wrote and co-produced the song with Giorgio Tuinfort and Jason Evigan, with additional writing from Lindy Robbins. A remix featuring Trey Songz, Chris Brown, and Martin was released on 9 January 2015.", "music    entity is a song by French disc jockey and producer David Guetta, with vocal participation by American singer-songwriter Sam Martin. It was written by Guetta, Giorgio Tuinfort, Martin, Jason Evigan as well as Lindy Robbins and was produced by Guetta, Martin and Evigan.", "music    entity is a song by American electronica musician Moby. It was released as the second single from his third studio album Everything Is Wrong on October 17, 1994. The single peaked at number 30 on the UK Singles Chart and at number nine on the US Billboard Dance Club Songs chart. The song features the phrases \"sound system rocking my.....\" and \"set it up DJ!\" spoken by Kochie Banton, who also appears in Moby's following single, \"Everytime You Touch Me\". The guest vocalist for the song is Rozz Morehead.", "music    entity is a song by American electronic artist Moby released in 1994 as the third single from the album Everything is Wrong.", "music    entity is a compilation album by English musician George Harrison, released in October 1989. His second compilation, after the Capitol/EMI collection The Best of George Harrison , it contains songs from Harrison's releases on his Dark Horse record label between 1976 and 1987. The album also includes a 1989 single, \"Cheer Down\", which was Harrison's contribution to the soundtrack of the film Lethal Weapon 2, and two tracks recorded specifically for the collection: \"Poor Little Girl\" and \"Cockamamie Business\". Despite the popularity of Harrison's work over this period \u2013 both as a solo artist with his Cloud Nine album , and as a member of the Traveling Wilburys \u2013 the compilation failed to achieve commercial success.", "music    entity is a compilation by George Harrison of his main titles published between 1976 and 1989 on his albums on the Dark Horse Records label which he founded. This period was characterized by low-selling albums, and the compilation failed to rise very high in the charts. However, it is critically acclaimed.", "music    entity is a song by Prince and the Revolution, the fourth single in the US from their 1984 album, Purple Rain. The up-tempo dance song was a top 10 hit\u2014the final one from the album\u2014in the US, reaching number 8 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song's lyrics evoke Jesus Christ's message to his followers: \"U\u2014I would die 4 U, darling if U want me 2;\" as well as, \"if you're evil I'll forgive you\", \"all I really need to know is that U believe,\" and, \"I'm your messiah and you're the reason why.\"", "music    entity is a song by Prince and the group The Revolution, it is the fourth single released on November 28, 1984 from the album Purple Rain.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Lot-et-Garonne department.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Linkin Park. The song was released as the third single from their third studio album, Minutes to Midnight, on October 16, 2007. The first public performance of Shadow of the Day was during the Projekt Revolution tour in Auburn, Washington, on July 25, 2007. On September 4, 2012, entity, along with \"Breaking the Habit\", \"New Divide\", and \"Burn It Down\", was released in the \"Linkin Park Pack 02\" as downloadable content for the music rhythm video game, Rock Band 3.", "music    entity is the third single from Linkin Park's Minutes to Midnight album, released on October 16, 2007.", "music    entity is a song by British rock band Dire Straits, the second track on their fifth studio album, Brothers in Arms . It was released as the album's second single on 24 June 1985 through Vertigo Records. The song's lyrics are written from the point of view of two working-class men watching music videos and commenting on what they see. The song features a guest appearance by Sting singing background vocals, providing both the signature falsetto introduction and backing chorus of \"I want my MTV.\" The groundbreaking video was the first to be aired on MTV Europe when the network launched on 1 August 1987.", "music    entity is one of the hits of British rock band Dire Straits. He appears in the album Brothers in Arms released in 1985.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, with a population of 100 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Mos Def, released on October 12, 2004, by Rawkus and Geffen Records. It is the follow-up to his breakthrough solo effort Black on Both Sides , after which he devoted more time into his film and stage career.", "music    entity is Mos Def's second studio album, released on October 12, 2004. The album ranked #2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, #5 on the Billboard 200, and #12 on the Top Internet Albums.", "singer    entity was a German politician who was the Federal Minister for Youth, Family and Health from 1976 to 1982. She served as a member of the Bundestag for the SPD between 1969 and 1987.", "singer    entity is a German politician and member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. She was Federal Minister for Youth, Family and Health in the social-liberal coalition of 'Helmut Schmidt from 1976 to 1982.", "singer    entity was a German arranger, conductor, and composer best known for his work with Billie Holiday, Antonio Carlos Jobim, Frank Sinatra, Michael Brecker, and Diana Krall.", "singer    entity is a German composer, arranger and conductor. He was born on April 29, 1930 in Ratibor. He has distinguished himself in many musical fields ranging from classical music to variety music, including jazz, third stream, bossa nova, rhythm and blues and rock.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located south of the department of Ain in Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes. The commune belongs to the district of Bourg-en-Bresse and to the canton of Montluel. The village is \"village in bloom, a flower\". The inhabitants of entity are called Dagnards and Dagnardes.", "city    entity is a city on the River Warta in west-central Poland, within the Greater Poland region. The city is an important cultural and business centre, and one of Poland's most populous regions with many regional customs such as Saint John's Fair , traditional Saint Martin's croissants and a local dialect. Among its most important heritage sites are the Renaissance Old Town, Town Hall and Gothic Cathedral.", "city    entity is a city in western Poland, on the Warta. It is the capital of the Greater Poland Voivodeship as well as the Powiat of entity, even if it is not part of its territory. On the other hand, the territory of the city of entity constitutes the powiat-city of entity. The city is divided into 42 districts.", "movie    entity is an American actor, producer, and director. He is particularly known for his nine collaborations with filmmaker Martin Scorsese, and is the recipient of various accolades, including two Academy Awards, a Golden Globe Award, the Cecil B. DeMille Award, and a Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award. In 2009, De Niro received the Kennedy Center Honor, and received a Presidential Medal of Freedom from U.S. President Barack Obama in 2016.", "movie    entity is an American actor, director and producer born August 17, 1943 in New York, United States. Renowned for his many cult films, such as Taxi Driver, The Godfather 2, Once Upon a Time in America , Heat, Raging Bull, Goodfellas or Voyage au bout de l'enfer, De Niro has won numerous awards such as the Oscar for best actor, the Oscar for best actor in a supporting role and two Golden Globes.", "music    entity is the first compilation album by Silverstein, released in 2006. It compiles their first two previously released, then-out-of-print EPs Summer's Stellar Gaze and When the Shadows Beam, along with some newly recorded acoustic and live material and a remix of the song \"Smile in Your Sleep\". By July 2006, the album had sold over 20,000 copies.", "music    entity is an album by hardcore/emo band Silverstein released by Victory Records in 2006.", "war    entity is a 1990 American romantic action thriller film directed by Dennis Hopper and starring Jodie Foster, Hopper, Fred Ward and Vincent Price, with cameo appearances by several notable actors, including Charlie Sheen, Joe Pesci, Catherine Keener and Bob Dylan. The film was disowned by Hopper before release and he is therefore credited under the pseudonym Alan Smithee.", "war    entity is a 1990 American film directed by Dennis Hopper .", "royal    entity was the 45th Prime Minister of France from February to December 1892 and later President of France from 1899 to 1906. Trained in law, he became mayor of Mont\u00e9limar, where he was noted as a forceful orator. He was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1876 and the Senate in 1885. He was appointed as a Republican minister under Carnot and Ribot. He was briefly Prime Minister of France in 1892. As President , he saw the successful Paris Exhibition of 1900, and the forging of the Entente Cordiale with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, resolving their sharp differences over the Boer War and the Dreyfus Affair.", "royal    entity was a French statesman, President of the French Republic from 1899 to 1906 under the Third Republic. A lawyer by profession, he was elected deputy of Dr\u00f4me.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by the Cuban-American rapper Pitbull. It was released on August 28, 2009, through J, Polo Grounds and Mr. 305. The production on the album was handled by multiple producers including DJ Khalil, Dr. Luke, Lil Jon, Play-N-Skillz and Jim Jonsin who also served as executive producer. The album also features guest appearances by B.o.B, Ke$ha, Nayer, Akon, Lil Jon and Slim of 112. This became his first major-label release, his first album to be released on his own Mr. 305 Inc. label and also Polo Grounds' second release since Hurricane Chris's 51/50 Ratchet.", "music    entity is Pitbull's fourth studio album, released on September 1, 2009.", "war    entity is a 2004 science fiction action-adventure stealth video game developed by Free Radical Design and published by Codemasters for GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox and Microsoft Windows. Players assume control of an American parapsychology researcher, who awakens in a medical facility with no memory of their past and powerful psychic abilities, and breaks out with these powers in order to uncover their past and their involvement in a mission they undertook with a specialist taskforce of the U.S. Marines. The game's action is divided between gun combat and stealth, with emphasis on players making use of different psychic abilities to survive against hostile opponents and overcoming obstacles and tricky puzzles.", "war    entity is a third-person shooter video game developed by Free Radical Design and published by Codemasters, released in 2004 for GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox and in 2005 for Windows.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, populated by 719 inhabitants.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day. The song is featured as the fourth track on their ninth studio album \u00a1Uno! . Written by Billie Joe Armstrong and produced by Rob Cavallo, the song was released as the third and final single from the album on September 5, 2012. However, the \"official live video\" of the song was revealed on August 1, 2012. It is also the third single from the \u00a1Uno!, \u00a1Dos! & \u00a1Tr\u00e9! trilogy.", "music    Let Yourself Go est une chanson du groupe de punk rock am\u00e9ricain Green Day. Elle est sortie le 5 septembre 2012 en tant que troisi\u00e8me single extrait de \u00a1Uno!, le neuvi\u00e8me album studio du groupe.", "music    entity is an American rock band formed in 1977 in Los Angeles. The band's current lineup consists of Steve Lukather , David Paich , and Joseph Williams , as well as touring musicians, John Pierce , Robert \"Sput\" Searight , Dominique \"Xavier\" Taplin , Steve Maggiora and Warren Ham . entity is known for a musical style that combines elements of pop, rock, soul, funk, progressive rock, hard rock, R&B, blues and jazz.", "music    entity is an American rock band formed in 1976 in Los Angeles, California by Jeff Porcaro and David Paich, joined by Steve Lukather, Steve Porcaro, David Hungate and Bobby Kimball. In the early 1980s, the group achieved recognition with its album entity IV, but the American media are unleashed against the formation. However, it remains popular in Europe and Japan.", "body of water    entity is a district in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, administered from Itzehoe. It is bounded by the districts of Dithmarschen, Rendsburg-Eckernf\u00f6rde, Segeberg and Pinneberg, and by the Elbe River .", "body of water    entity is a district of the Land of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. Its capital is Itzehoe.", "movie    entity is a 1980 Italian erotic-horror film filmed in and around Santo Domingo and written and directed by Joe D'Amato. It has received mixed to negative reviews.", "movie    entity is a 1980 Italian film directed by Joe D'Amato.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band Radiohead, released on their seventh album, In Rainbows . It was produced by longtime Radiohead producer Nigel Godrich, and developed while Radiohead were working on another song, \"Feeling Pulled Apart by Horses\". entity was named one of the best songs of the decade by Pitchfork and NME. Remixes were released by James Holden, Flying Lotus and Diplo. Radiohead released the separate stems for fans to remix, as they had done with their previous single, \"Nude\". entity reached number 74 on the UK Singles Chart.", "music    entity is a song by English alternative rock band Radiohead.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day. It was released as the fifth and final single from their fourth album, Insomniac and is the closing track on the album. The song reached number 21 on the Modern Rock Tracks in August 1996. The riff of this song was used as the guitar solo for \"Haushinka\" on Dookie demo .", "music    entity is a song by American punk rock band Green Day and the fourth and final single from their fourth album, Insomniac, released in 1995. Released as a promotional single, it reached #21 on the US Billboard Modern Rock Tracks chart .The song sounds a bit like Do It Again by The Kinks, especially for the verse.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band the Killers. It was released as the second official single from the group's debut studio album Hot Fuss , and was written by band members Brandon Flowers, Mark Stoermer, Dave Keuning and Ronnie Vannucci Jr.. In an interview with Rolling Stone, Brandon Flowers said: \"This is the story of trying to meet someone in a club.\" It is written in the key of B-flat minor. In Australia, the song was ranked number four on Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2004. In 2009, it was voted at number nine in XFM's Top 100 Songs of the Decade.", "music    entity is a song by The Killers, released on their album Hot Fuss in 2004. It is their first single.Rock Portal Rock Portal Music Portal Music Portal \u2022 Song section", "music    entity is a progressive death metal band from Kristiansand in Norway. Their music can be described as melodic extreme metal, and it is mainly composed by their guitarist Johnar H\u00e5land. The band has released four albums, and toured Europe with Solefald in 2013 and in 2010. entity has also played concerts in Norway, and also played at the Inferno Metal Festival in 2013.", "music    entity is a Norwegian progressive metal band founded in 2003. They have three albums and two EPs to their credit, signed with Indie Recordings.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department of central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher in the Center region.", "city    entity is a village in Cook County, Illinois adjacent to Chicago. It is the 29th-most populous municipality in Illinois with a population of 54,583 as of the 2020 U.S. Census estimate. entity was first settled in 1835 and later incorporated in 1902, when it separated from Cicero. Architect Frank Lloyd Wright and his wife settled in entity in 1889, and his work heavily influenced local architecture and design, including the Frank Lloyd Wright Home and Studio. Over the years, rapid development was spurred by railroads and street cars connecting the village to jobs in nearby Chicago. In 1968, entity passed the Open Housing Ordinance, which helped devise strategies to integrate the village rather than resegregate.", "city    entity is a village in Cook County, Illinois, United States. The town is located in the suburbs of Chicago, sharing its municipal borders with the latter. In 2010, it had an estimated population of 51,878.", "government    entity is a centre-left, social-democratic political party in Pakistan. It is currently the third largest party in the National Assembly. The party was founded in 1967, when a number of prominent left-wing politicians in the country joined hands against the military dictatorship of President Ayub Khan, under the leadership of Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto. Affiliated with the Socialist International, the PPP's platform has formerly been socialist, and its stated priorities continue to include transforming Pakistan into a social democratic state, promoting secular and egalitarian values, establishing social justice and a strong national defence. The party, alongside the Pakistan Muslim League--Nawaz and the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf is one of", "government    entity is a center-left political party in Pakistan. It is one of the main political parties in the country, which has ruled the country four times and is currently the main opposition force. Founded in 1967 by Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, of whom he was the first president until his execution on April 1979. His daughter Benazir Bhutto succeeded him until his assassination on December 27, 2007.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the border with Russia. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Bartoszyce, which lies 56 kilometres north of the regional capital Olsztyn. The county contains three other towns: G\u00f3rowo I\u0142aweckie, 21 km west of Bartoszyce, Bisztynek, 22 km south of Bartoszyce, and S\u0119popol, 14 km east of Bartoszyce.", "city    entity is an administrative territory in northern Poland, in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship.", "city    entity is a department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region of Southwestern France. Named after the Lot River and Garonne River, it had a population of 332,833 in 2016. Its prefecture and largest city is Agen.", "city    entity is a French department in the Aquitaine region. Its name comes from two rivers: the Lot and the Garonne. Insee and La Poste assign it the code 47.", "army    entity is an intergovernmental military corps with its headquarters of approximately 1,000 soldiers stationed in Strasbourg, Alsace, France. The corps had its headquarters established in May 1992, activated in October 1993 and declared operational in 1995. The nucleus of the force is the Franco-German Brigade established in 1987. The Treaty of Strasbourg, signed in 2004, gave the corps its formal legal basis when it entered into force on 26 February 2009.", "army    entity is an army corps grouping together contingents from five European countries as well as four associated countries. Committed as a whole, the Eurocorps can command up to 60,000 men from the land forces.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer. He is the founding and lead member of the musical group Black Eyed Peas. In addition to his music career, will.i.am has also been a judge and mentor on the television talent show series The Voice UK , The Voice Australia , and The Voice Kids .", "singer    entity is an American DJ, musician, songwriter, rapper, singer, producer and actor born March 15, 1975 in Los Angeles, California. He sometimes used \"Zuper Blahq\" as a second stage name. He is one of the founding members of The Black Eyed Peas.", "music    entity is the lead single from American rock band Shinedown's fourth studio album, Amaryllis.", "music    entity is the fourteenth single from Shinedown and the lead single from their 2012 album Amaryllis.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Lloyd Banks, released October 10, 2006 via G-Unit and Interscope. The title of the album is a play on the New York City nickname, \"The Big Apple\". The album cover also resembles the cover of the film, King of New York.", "music    entity is Lloyd Banks' second studio album, released on October 10, 2006. Lloyd Banks sold 149,452 copies in its first week in the United States. On the other hand, the critics were less appreciative than towards his previous album, The Hunger for More, despite some successful titles like Hands Up or entity [ref.", "war    entity is a 1986 French language period film. Directed by Claude Berri, it is the second of two films adapted from the 1966 two-volume novel by Marcel Pagnol, who wrote it based on his own earlier film of the same title. It is the sequel to Jean de Florette. Jean de Florette and entity are ranked No. 60 in Empire magazine's \"The 100 Best Films of World Cinema\" in 2010.", "war    entity is a French film by Claude Berri, released in 1986 based on the eponymous novel by Marcel Pagnol. It is the second part of Jean de Florette.", "music    entity is a song by American musician Bobby McFerrin released in 1988. It was the first a cappella song to reach number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, a position it held for two weeks. Originally released in conjunction with the film Cocktail, the song peaked at No. 1 on September 24, 1988, displacing \"Sweet Child o' Mine\" by Guns N' Roses.", "music    entity is one of Bobby McFerrin's most famous songs. It was the first a cappella song to reach No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, a position it held for two weeks in September 1988. It received the Grammy Award for Song of the Year. The music video features the presence of Robin Williams and Bill Irwin in addition to that of the interpreter. It has also been covered by many artists.", "music    entity is pianist Herbie Hancock's thirty-fifth album and a million-selling Platinum-certified disc. It was Hancock's first release from his electro-funk era and an early example of instrumental hip hop.", "music    entity is an album by Herbie Hancock released in 1983.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer and songwriter Madonna, for her fifth studio album Erotica . It was released on November 15, 1993, as the sixth and final single from the album only outside the US. entity was written by Madonna, Shep Pettibone, and Anthony Shimkin and was produced by Madonna and Pettibone. The song is inspired by Madonna's emotions of that time and her S&M thoughts. Musically, it is a hip hop song, sampling a hook from LL Cool J's track \"Jingling Baby\", released in 1990. Madonna's vocals were filtered to make them appear as sound coming out from an antique radio. entity features instrumentation from keyboard and lyrically finds Madonna asking questions to a lover she is about to abandon.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Madonna, from her fifth studio album, Erotica. It was released as a single on November 15, 1993 as the album's sixth and final single. entity is a song written by Madonna, Shep Pettibone and Anthony Shimkin. It is produced by Madonna and Pettibone. The song is inspired by his feelings at that time and his BDSM thoughts.", "actor    entity was a French painter and illustrator.", "actor    entity was a French painter and draftsman.", "movie    entity is the second studio album by avant-garde guitarist Buckethead and loosely following the same \"amusement park\" concept as his previous album . It has some re-recorded songs from Buckethead's band Deli Creeps, as well his earlier demo tape Bucketheadland Blueprints. entity has a more professional sound than its predecessor in terms of recording and production value; the re-recorded tracks have lost their initial \"basement\" or \"video game\" sounding beats and guitar licks. As with Bucketheadland, the album was originally only released in Japan.", "movie    entity is the second studio album by avant-garde guitarist Buckethead. This album takes up the theme of the fictional amusement park from the album Bucketheadland. It contains some songs from one of Buckethead's bands, Deli Creeps, as well as some Bucketheadland Blueprints demos.", "actor    entity was a Swedish writer who was elected to the Swedish Academy in 1993. She was one of Sweden's most celebrated authors, and wrote prose fiction and non-fiction, as well as prose poetry.", "actor    entity is a Swedish writer, elected member of the Swedish Academy in 1993. Most of her novels have been translated by Gallimard. Very popular in Sweden, the author is a convinced Catholic. His works also deal with the unshakable faith in god, the role of love, salvation and resurrection, paradoxically through rather dark images or stories.", "body of water    entity is the second-longest river in Europe, after the Volga in Russia. It flows through much of Central and Southeastern Europe, from the Black Forest into the Black Sea. Its longest headstream Breg rises in Furtwangen im Schwarzwald, while the river carries its name from its source confluence in Donaueschingen onwards.", "body of water    entity is the second longest river in Europe. It originates in the Black Forest in Germany when two rivers, the Brigach and the Breg, meet at Donaueschingen. It is from this place that the river takes the name of Danube.", "singer    entity is a broad grouping of music genres that evolved out of the folk music traditions of the Celtic people of Western Europe. It refers to both orally-transmitted traditional music and recorded music and the styles vary considerably to include everything from \"trad\" music to a wide range of hybrids.", "singer    entity is a concept born during the 19th century, which tends to make a link between traditional music from different territories of Western Europe, considered as \"Celtic\". From a musical point of view, this term makes the amalgam between extremely diverse traditions, both in terms of form, the type of instruments used, the way of associating them to play different kinds of musical pieces, and the social status of their practice.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, singer, songwriter and actor. Born in Hollis, Queens, he debuted in 1999 with Venni Vetti Vecci and its lead single \"Holla Holla\". During the 2000s, Ja Rule was signed to Murder Inc., formerly known as The Inc. and led by Irv Gotti. From 1999 to 2005, Ja Rule had multiple hits that made the top 20 of the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart, including \"Between Me and You\" , \"I'm Real \" and \"Ain't It Funny\" \u2014which both topped the Hot 100\u2014the number 1 hit \"Always on Time\" , \"Mesmerize\" , and \"Wonderful\" .", "singer    entity is an American rapper. He became the standard bearer for The Inc. Records label.", "war    entity is the first expansion pack to the 1999 real-time strategy video game Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings. The fourth installment in the Age of Empires series by Microsoft Game Studios and Ensemble Studios, The Conquerors was released in August 2000. It features five new civilizations , four new campaigns, eleven new units, twenty-six new technologies, new gameplay modes, new maps and different minor tweaks to the gameplay.", "war    entity is an expansion for the real-time strategy game Age of Empires II: The Age of Kings developed by Ensemble Studios and released by Microsoft on August 24, 2000. It includes four new campaigns and five new civilizations. : the Spaniards, the Huns, the Koreans, the Mayans and the Aztecs.", "music    entity is Maroon 5's third live album, released on July 8, 2008 as an iTunes-exclusive download. It was recorded at Le Cabaret in Montreal, Quebec on June 13, 2007. A DVD version of the concert was included in the re-release of the group's previous studio album, It Won't Be Soon Before Long.", "music    entity is the third live album by American band Maroon 5. Released on July 8, 2008 as a digital download, as an iTunes Store exclusive, it was recorded at Cabaret in Montreal, Quebec on July 13, 2008. June 2007. A DVD edition of the concert is included in the re-release of the quintet's previous studio album, It Won't Be Soon Before Long.", "music    entity is a song by American singer and songwriter Akon from his second studio album Konvicted . The song, which features a guest appearance from American rapper Eminem, was written by Akon, Mike Strange, Luis Resto and Eminem, with the latter also helming the song's production. The collaboration came after the two artists met during a recording session for Shady Records rapper Obie Trice. The song received praise from contemporary music critics for being a great club song.", "music    entity is the first single from Akon's Konvicted album with Eminem.", "music    entity is a 1997 classical album by John Harle, featuring Elvis Costello, Sarah Leonard, and Andy Sheppard.", "music    entity is an album by John Harle and Elvis Costello released in 1997.", "movie    entity is an arts centre containing an opera house in Beijing, People's Republic of China. Designed by French architect Paul Andreu, the NCPA is the largest theatre complex in Asia. The NCPA is semi-spherical in appearance, with a long axis length of 212.20 meters in the east-west direction, a short axis length of 143.64 meters in the north-south direction, a height of 46.285 meters, an area of 119,900 square meters, and a total construction area of approximately 165,000 square meters, including 105,000 square meters of main buildings and 60,000 square meters of underground, auxili", "movie    entity is a building in Beijing comprising in 200,000 m2 a 2,416-seat opera hall, a 2,017-seat concert hall, and a 1,040-seat theater. squares. It is commonly called the Peking Opera, or locally the Egg. The building is located in the historic center of Beijing, immediately west of Tian'anmen Square.", "video game    entity is a platform video game developed by WayForward Technologies for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Wii U, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, Stadia and PlayStation 5. It is the fourth game in the Shantae series, following Shantae and the Pirate's Curse, and the first to be specifically developed for high definition game platforms. The game was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Wii U, and Xbox One in December 2016, and for Nintendo Switch the following June, and Stadia in February 2021 along with Shantae: Risky's Revenge.", "video game    entity is an upcoming platform game currently in pre-production stage, developed by WayForward Technologies and Inti Creates on Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, Wii U, Xbox 360 and Xbox One . This is the fourth title in the series, and the first to be released on home consoles. The game was crowdfunded on Kickstarter.", "city    entity is one of the 26 cantons forming the Swiss Confederation. It is composed of thirteen districts and its capital and largest city is Sion. The flag of the canton is made of thirteen stars representing the districts, on a white-red background.", "city    entity is a canton of Switzerland located in the south of the country, dug by the Rhone Valley. It is a sovereign canton within the Swiss Confederation since 1815, it is of Catholic tradition and has the city of Sion as its capital. , the largest town in the canton with 30,363 inhabitants followed by Monthey, Sierre and Martigny with more than 15,000 inhabitants, according to Valais in 2010 figures.", "singer    entity was an American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, record producer, and actor. He was known for his flamboyant, androgynous persona and wide vocal range, which included a far-reaching falsetto and high-pitched screams. Prince pioneered the Minneapolis sound, and his music incorporated a wide variety of styles, including funk, R&B, rock, new wave, soul, synth-pop, pop, jazz, and hip hop. He often played most or all instruments on his recordings.", "singer    entity is an American singer, musician, composer, artistic director, dancer and producer of pop, funk, rock and R&B. contemporary. He is also an actor. He has sold over one hundred and fifty million records worldwide since 1979.", "movie    entity is an American film production studio and a label of the Warner Bros. Pictures Group division of Warner Bros. Entertainment. It was founded in 1967 by Robert Shaye as an independent film distribution company, later becoming a film studio. It was acquired by Turner Broadcasting System in 1994; Turner later merged with Time Warner in 1996, and New Line was merged with Warner Bros. Pictures in 2008.", "movie    entity is an American film production and distribution company established in 1967. Today, entity is a subsidiary of the Time Warner conglomerate. It nevertheless owns Fine Line Features, a production company specializing in auteur films and foreign films. entity productions include The Lord of the Rings trilogy by Peter Jackson, The Butterfly Effect by Eric Bress and J.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American rapper Busta Rhymes. The album was released on November 27, 2001, by Flipmode Records and J Records. The fourth single from the album, \"Pass the Courvoisier Part II\", peaked at number eleven on the Billboard Hot 100. It was included at the end of the album on some later pressings . The album debuted at number 7 on the Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 185,000 copies. It later sold 1 million domestic copies and certified Platinum by RIAA.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by Busta Rhymes, released on November 27, 2001. The album, which ranked #2 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #7 on the Billboard 200, was certified platinum by the RIAA on March 11, 2002. Shut 'Em Down 2002 is a reinterpretation of Public Enemy's Shut 'Em Down by Pete Rock. Make It Hurt is present in the video game Def Jam: Fight for NY and we find the song Holla in the film The Wash, released the same year, with in particular Dr.", "sportsman    entity is a Georgian rugby union player. His position is prop, and he currently plays for Stade Fran\u00e7ais in the Top 14 and the Georgia national team.", "sportsman    entity is a Georgian rugby union player who plays as a prop. He played in the Stade Fran\u00e7ais squad in 2015-2016.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish former professional ice hockey player. He was selected by the Los Angeles Kings third overall in the 1997 NHL Entry Draft, with whom he made his NHL debut. He has also played for the New York Islanders, Florida Panthers, Phoenix Coyotes, Calgary Flames, New York Rangers, Winnipeg Jets, Nashville Predators, Toronto Maple Leafs and St. Louis Blues. He began his professional career with KalPa and then HIFK of the Finnish SM-liiga. Additionally, he played for EHC Kloten of the Swiss National League A and S\u00f6dert\u00e4lje SK of the Swedish Elitserien. He also holds the record for most goals for the Florida Panthers.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player.", "music    entity is a song from My Chemical Romance's third studio album, The Black Parade. It was released on September 12, 2006, as the album's lead single, with the studio version available on the band's Myspace on September 2, 2006. The music video for the single was recognized as MTV's \"Greatest Music Video of the Century\" in 2017. The song topped the UK Singles Chart, reached number nine on the US Billboard Hot 100 and was named one of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll.", "music    entity is the first single by American band My Chemical Romance from their album The Black Parade.", "music    entity was released on Zorn's own label, Tzadik Records, in 2006 and contains music that Zorn wrote and recorded for, , directed by and a percussion score for Ray Bandar: A Life with Skulls directed by .", "music    entity is an album by John Zorn released in 2006 on the Tzadik label. It features music from two documentaries: Notes on Marie Menken, by Martina Kudl\u00e1cek; and Ray Bandar: A Life with Skulls by Beth Cataldo.", "body of water    entity is a river in Romania. It is 615 km long, and its basin area is 24,050 km2 . It is the longest river flowing exclusively through Romania. Its average discharge at the mouth is 174 m3/s . Its source is in the H\u0103\u0219ma\u0219 Mountains of the eastern Carpathian Mountains, near B\u0103lan, rising close to the headwaters of the river Mure\u0219. It flows through the Romanian counties Harghita, Covasna, Bra\u0219ov, Sibiu, V\u00e2lcea and Olt. The river was known as Alutus or Aluta in Roman antiquity. Olt County and the historical province of Oltenia are named after the river.", "body of water    entity is a river in Romania, a tributary of the Danube.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American singer and songwriter Stevie Nicks. Released in 2001, it was her first new solo album since 1994's Street Angel. The album debuted at number five on the Billboard 200, Nicks' highest peak since 1983's The Wild Heart, with sales of 109,000 copies in its first week. The album remained in the top 10 in its second week holding the #9 spot and sold 76,000 copies. The album spent a total of 20 weeks on the Billboard 200. It achieved Gold status within six weeks of its release for shipping 500,000 copies in the U.S. As of February 2011, the album has sold over 663,000 copies in the US. Three singles were released: \"Every Day\", \"Planets of the Universe\", and \"Sorcerer\".", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American singer and Fleetwood Mac member Stevie Nicks. Released in 2001, it is his first solo album since 1994 and Street Angel. This opus marks the return of Stevie Nicks to the top 5 of the American charts for the first time since The Wild Heart in 1983 and sells half a million copies in six weeks in the United States.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Morbihan department and Brittany region of north-western France. It lies close to the borders of both C\u00f4tes d'Armor and Ille-et-Vilaine. entity's location make it a crossroads on the routes connecting Dinan to Vannes and Quimper to Rennes.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Morbihan in the Brittany region.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in W\u0105growiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. Its seat is the town of W\u0105growiec, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina. The gmina covers an area of 347.75 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 11,333.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in entity County, Greater Poland, in west-central Poland. Its seat is the town of W\u0105 growiec , although it is not part of the territory of the gmina. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b347.75 km2 with a population of 11,333 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the debut single by the British\u2013American rock band Wings that was released in February 1972. It was written by Paul McCartney and his wife Linda in response to the events of Bloody Sunday, on 30 January that year, when British troops in Northern Ireland shot dead thirteen civil rights protestors. Keen to voice their outrage at the killings, Wings recorded the track two days later at Abbey Road Studios in London. It was the band's first song to include Northern Irish guitarist Henry McCullough.", "music    entity is a Wings song released as a single in 1972.", "music    entity is the debut album by American singer Akon, released in on June 29, 2004. The album contains Akon's worldwide hit single, \"Lonely\", which was his commercial breakthrough. However, the release of \"Locked Up\" propelled Akon to sign a record deal. \"Gunshot \" was released as promotional single on May 11, 2004. The album performed well in the United Kingdom where it peaked at No. 1 on the UK Album Chart. entity sold 25,000 copies in the first week, and certified Platinum by the RIAA in the United States and has sold 1.6 million copies.", "music    entity is Akon's debut studio album, released on June 29, 2004. The album features five singles which are: Locked Up, Lonely, Getto, Belly Dancer and finally Pot of Gold. The most successful one is Lonely.", "singer    entity are a Belgian-Greek DJ duo composed of brothers Dimitri Thivaios and Michael Thivaios. They were ranked No. 1 on DJ Mag's Top 100 DJs list in 2015 and 2019, and were ranked No. 2 in 2014, 2016, 2017, 2018, and 2020.", "singer    entity are a Belgian brother duo of electronic music disc jockeys of Greek origin.", "competition    entity was a non-championship Formula One race held at Brands Hatch on 14 March 1976. The 40-lap race was won by James Hunt, driving a McLaren-Cosworth, with Alan Jones second in a Surtees-Cosworth and Jacky Ickx third in a Hesketh-Cosworth entered by Wolf-Williams Racing.", "competition    entity was the eleventh edition of this event.", "music    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica from their 1996 album, Load. It was never commercially released as a single, though a promotional CD containing the album version and an approximately two minutes shorter radio edit was distributed to radio stations in early 1997. That year, it would reach #6 on the Mainstream Rock Charts. entity is one of the few Metallica songs that contains a Hammond organ. The track has appeared from time to time in Metallica's live set since its release in 1996, including the live album S&M with the San Francisco Symphony.", "music    entity is the 7th track on Metallica's 1996 album Load. The song is considered a great example of the band's \"Progressive Metal\" sound, incorporating different styles, deeper lyrics, and multiple tempo changes, found on the album Load, and its successor, ReLoad. rock Music portal Music portal \u2022 Song section", "city    entity is a coastal province in South China on the north shore of the South China Sea. The capital of the province is Guangzhou. With a population of 126.01 million across a total area of about 179,800 km2 , Guangdong is the most populous province of China and the 15th-largest by area as well as the second-most populous country subdivision in the world. Its economy is larger than that of any other province in the nation and the 4th largest sub-national economy in the world with GDP of 1.66 trillion USD in 2019. The Pearl River Delta Economic Zone, a Chinese megalopolis, is a core for high technology, manufacturing and foreign trade. Located in this zone a", "city    entity is the most populous province of the People's Republic of China. Located in the south of the country, entity is far from Beijing and the major traditional political centers. Like each region of China, it has quite marked specificities.", "singer    entity is a German former swimmer who competed for East Germany in the 1970s. At the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal she won three gold medals. She received two gold medals at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships, and two in 1975. Richter set 14 world records during her career, in 100 m backstroke, 200 m backstroke, and medley relay. She was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in Fort Lauderdale, Florida in 1983.", "singer    entity is a former swimmer in the GDR of the 1970s. Her main results were winning 3 titles at the 1976 Olympic Games in Montreal and 4 gold medals at the swimming world championships, two in 1973, and two more in 1975 .", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of Afghanistan, located in the eastern section of the country. It is also a municipality, forming part of the greater entity Province, and divided into 22 districts. According to estimates in 2021, the population of entity was 4.6 million and it serves as Afghanistan's political, cultural and economical center. Rapid urbanization has made entity the world's 75th largest city.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of Afghanistan. It is also the capital of the province of entity, located in the east of the country. According to official 2014 estimates, the city's population is 3,543,700.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 22 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Prokuplje, Toplica district. At the 2011 census, it had 18 inhabitants.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Green Day, released on June 13, 2005, as the fourth single from the group's seventh studio album, American Idiot . The acoustic ballad was written by frontman Billie Joe Armstrong about the death of his father when he was 10 years old. The song's music video depicts a couple broken apart by the Iraq War, which was intended to convey the song's central theme of loss.", "music    entity is a song by American punk rock band Green Day. The song was released on June 13, 2005 as the fourth single from their seventh studio album, American Idiot, which was released on September 21, 2004.", "army    entity was created on 26 August 1939. The division was disbanded on 3 November 1943.", "army    entity was one of the infantry divisions of the German army during World War II.", "war    entity is an American science fiction television series created by Rick Berman, Michael Piller, and Jeri Taylor. It originally aired from January 16, 1995, to May 23, 2001, on UPN, lasting for 172 episodes over seven seasons. It is the fourth series in the Star Trek franchise. Set in the 24th century, when Earth is part of a United Federation of Planets, it follows the adventures of the Starfleet vessel USS Voyager as it attempts to return home to the Alpha Quadrant after being stranded in the Delta Quadrant on the far side of the Milky Way galaxy.", "war    entity is an American television series in 172 45-minute episodes, created by Rick Berman, Michael Piller and Jeri Taylor and broadcast between January 16, 1995 and May 23, 2001 on the UPN network. In France, the first 48 episodes were broadcast from September 15, 1998 on Jimmy, then from January 2, 2005 from the third season, still on Jimmy.", "actor    entity was an American motion picture cameraman and cinematographer. His career began around the time of World War I and continued to the 1950s. Hunt served as director of cinematography on numerous films, such as Beau Geste, A Kiss for Cinderella, Flying Down to Rio, and She.", "actor    entity was an American cinematographer.", "music    entity is the second live album by The Band, released on Warner Bros. Records in 1978, catalogue 3WS 3146. It is the soundtrack to the 1978 film of the same name, and the final album by the original configuration of the Band. It peaked at No. 16 on the Billboard 200.", "music    entity is an album by Canadian rock band The Band, recorded at entity, the band's farewell concert held at Bill Graham's Winterland Ballroom on Thanksgiving Day 1976.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship. It is located north-eastern Poland.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Bielsk Podlaski County, Podlaskie, in northeastern Poland. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b232.06 km2 with a population of 4,906.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer. He is known for his solo work and as the former lead guitarist of rock band The War on Drugs. Both in the studio and during live performances, Vile is accompanied by his backing band, The Violators, which currently includes Jesse Trbovich , Rob Laakso and Kyle Spence .", "singer    entity is an American indie rock singer-songwriter, originally from Philadelphia, born in 1980. A founding member of The War on Drugs, he left the band to pursue his solo career and was signed by Matador Records in 2009. His album Smoke Ring for My Halo, released in 2011, ranked on the Billboard 200.", "sports team    entity is amongst the biggest multi-functional arenas in Europe, and the K\u00f6lner Haie have the second highest average attendance in European ice hockey behind Swiss team SC Bern. Previously, the K\u00f6lner Haie played their home games at the Eisstadion an der Lentstra\u00dfe. A strong local rivalry exists between the K\u00f6lner Haie and the D\u00fcsseldorfer EG, of neighboring D\u00fcsseldorf. Games between the two teams often s", "sports team    entity are a German professional ice hockey club based in Cologne in North Rhine-Westphalia. The club plays its matches in the Lanxess Arena.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Przytyk, which lies approximately 20 kilometres west of Radom and 84 km south of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 134.12 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 7,067.", "city    entity is a rural municipality of the voivodship of Mazovia and the county of Radom. It extends over 134.12 km2 and had 7,067 inhabitants in 2006. Its seat is the village of Przytyk which is located about 20 kilometers west of Radom and 84 kilometers south of Warsaw.", "music    entity is a single by French-American recording artist Uffie. The re-released single was released as a 12\" vinyl on November 30, 2009. entity was Uffie's first single and an international underground hit. It was originally released in early 2006 by Ed Banger Records on the Pop the Glock/Ready to Uff EP.", "music    entity is a song performed by French-American electro singer Uffie. The song was originally released as a single in January 2006 on the Pop the Glock/Ready to Uff EP under the Ed Banger Records label and reissued on 12\" vinyl on November 30, 2009. charted in the United States at number 50 on the Hot Dance Club Songs and number 43 on the Irish chart, becoming an international underground hit nonetheless.", "music    entity is the third album released by the rock music group Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds. First released in 1986, the album is a collection of Cave's interpretations of songs by other artists. The title is a reference to a biblical quote from King James version of the Bible, Acts 26, verse 14. The album marked the Bad Seeds debut of drummer Thomas Wydler, expanding the Bad Seeds line-up to Cave , Wydler, bassist Barry Adamson, and guitarists Mick Harvey and Blixa Bargeld. Remarking on the song selection, Cave said:", "music    entity is the third album by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, released in 1986. The album consists entirely of covers.", "war    entity is the sixth studio album by Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation. It was released on January 31, 2014 in Europe and on February 4, 2014 in North America. The album contains guest appearances by singer Howard Jones , rapper Xzibit, metal vocalist Tarja Turunen and alternative rock singer Dave Pirner . The first single, \"Paradise \", was released on September 27, 2013, and featured Turunen as guest vocalist. The second single, \"Dangerous\", was released on December 20, in which Jones provided the male vocals.", "war    entity is the sixth studio album by Dutch symphonic metal band Within Temptation, released on January 22, 2014 through Nuclear Blast, Dramatico, Bertelsmann and Universal. The first single from this album, Paradise, featuring singer Tarja Turunen, was released on September 27, 2013. The second, Dangerous, featuring Howard Jones, was released the following December 20.", "music    entity is a 1962 album by jazz musician Bill Evans, and the first trio album recorded by Evans after the death of Scott LaFaro.", "music    entity is a 1962 album by jazz pianist Bill Evans.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally for Shakhtyor Soligorsk of the Belarusian Extraleague, the top level of ice hockey in Belarus. He began his career playing in the youth squads of TPS Turku. He has played professional hockey in Finland, Italy, Kazakhstan, and Poland. Most notably, he played for Lukko for three seasons at both the junior and senior level.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department.", "music    entity is a hit single from Wings' 1975 album Venus and Mars. The song featured new member Joe English on drums, with guest musicians Dave Mason on guitar and Tom Scott on soprano saxophone. It was a number 1 single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the US and reached number 1 in Canada on the RPM National Top Singles Chart. It also reached number 6 in the UK, and reached the top ten in Norway and New Zealand and the top twenty in the Netherlands. The single was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales of over one million copies.", "music    entity is a song by Paul McCartney and the Wings that appeared on the album Venus and Mars in May 1975. To promote the album, the song was released as a single two weeks earlier. It marks an evolution for the band, with the arrival of drummer Joe English. Two other musicians also join the group, on an exceptional basis: Dave Mason and Tom Scott.", "sports team    entity is a member of the defensive backfield or secondary in gridiron football. Cornerbacks cover receivers most of the time, but also blitz and defend against such offensive running plays as sweeps and reverses. They create turnovers through hard tackles, interceptions, and deflecting forward passes. Other members of the defensive backfield include strong and free safeties.", "sports team    entity is an American football or Canadian football player who plays as part of the team's defensive formation. This type of player is the fastest on a team, sometimes sharing this attribute with their direct offensive opponents, the wide receivers.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Saint Petersburg. They are members of the Bobrov Division in the Kontinental Hockey League . The club never competed in a league final until the 2014\u201315 KHL season, where they defeated Ak Bars Kazan winning the Gagarin Cup. They won their second Gagarin Cup in 2017, defeating Metallurg Magnitogorsk. In 2012, with an average of 10,126 spectators, the SKA became the first Russian club ever to average a five-digit attendance.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey club from Russia, located in Saint-Petersburg. He plays in the KHL.", "music    entity is a song from British alternative rock virtual band Gorillaz's self-titled debut album Gorillaz and was their first release when issued as an EP in November 2000. The first three songs from the EP ended up on their debut album, however, \"Latin Simone\" was heavily edited, and dubbed into Spanish, for the album release. The new version was sung by Ibrahim Ferrer, and renamed \"Latin Simone \". The original version is sung by 2-D and appears along with \"12D3\" on the later-released compilation album G-Sides. The song itself was also the fourth and final single from that album, released on 25 February 2002. It peaked at number 33 on the UK Singles Chart. A demo version of the song, \"I Got Law\" was included as a bonus track of th", "music    entity is a 4-track EP by Gorillaz released in 2000. It was the band's first release, before their first full-length album the following year, the self-titled Gorillaz.", "music    entity is a 1991 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Myl\u732bne Farmer. It was the fourth single from her third studio album L'Autre... and was released in May 1992. The song probably remains well known for its music video that caused controversy and was censored at the time because of its sexual and violent content. It achieved minor success in terms of sales, even though it reached the top ten in France and Belgium.", "music    entity is the seventeenth single from Myl\u00e8ne Farmer, the fourth single from the album L'Autre... released in April 1992. Despite its censored clip, the title sold 200,000 copies. In English, \"It's beyond my control\" literally means \"it's beyond my control\", but can be translated as \"It's stronger than me\".", "sportsman    entity is a Kazakh-born German professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for EV Landshut of the DEL2. He has also played in the Kontinental Hockey League. Due to his Russian German descent he also holds Russian citizenship. Internationally P\u00e4tzold has represented the German national team at several tournaments, including the 2010 Winter Olympics.", "sportsman    entity is a German professional ice hockey player. He plays as a goalkeeper.", "actor    entity is a British politician who has served as Mayor of Greater Manchester since 2017. He served in Gordon Brown's Cabinet as Chief Secretary to the Treasury from 2007 to 2008, Culture Secretary from 2008 to 2009 and Health Secretary from 2009 to 2010. A member of the Labour Party, he served as Shadow Home Secretary from 2015 to 2016 and was Member of Parliament for Leigh from 2001 to 2017.", "actor    entity is a British politician and member of the Labor Party. He has been a Member of the House of Commons since 2001, and has held several government positions under the leadership of Gordon Brown. He was first Secretary of the Treasury from 2007 to 2008, then Secretary of State for Culture until 2009, when he became Secretary of State for Health.", "video game    entity is a skateboarding video game developed by Neversoft and published by Activision. It is the seventh entry in the Tony Hawk's series and was released initially for the GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox in 2005 in North America on October 18 and October 28 in Europe, with several ports for other systems released later.", "video game    entity is a skateboard video game released in late 2005 set entirely in Los Angeles, California. This is the 7th episode of Tony Hawk's Pro Skater series.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Slipknot, released on August 20, 2008 by Roadrunner Records. The album was published in two versions: the standard album in a CD case and a special edition packaged in a six-fold digipak containing three bonus tracks, a 40 page booklet, and a bonus DVD with a documentary of the album's recording. Preparation for the album began in 2007, while recording started in February 2008 in the band's home state of Iowa. Before the album's launch, Slipknot released a series of promotional images and audio samples from the album through various websites. entity was considered the band's most eclectic-sounding album at the time of release, incorporating elements from their previous three. The album shows Slipknot complet", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by American metal band Slipknot, released on August 25, 2008 through Roadrunner Records.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Vosges department in the Lorraine region. Its inhabitants are called entityais.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by South Korean-Chinese boy band Exo, released on June 3, 2013, by SM Entertainment and distributed by KT Music.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by South Korean-Chinese boy band EXO, released on June 3, 2013 by SM Entertainment. The album is a sequel to the group's debut EP, Mama, released in 2012. Like all of the group's music, the album was released in two versions: the Korean edition \"Kiss\" and the Chinese edition \"Hug\".", "sports team    entity is a Latvian ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Dresdner Eisl\u00f6wen of the DEL2.", "sports team    entity is a Latvian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "mountain    entity was a Welsh international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cardiff. Hill won 15 caps for Wales over a period of ten years and was given the team captaincy on four occasions. Hill was baptised as Alperus entity according to parish records in Llandaff, and was later educated at Clifton College. He was a solicitor by trade, and had a practice on Cardiff High Street.", "mountain    entity was a Welsh international rugby union player. He plays as a forward both in the national team and with the Cardiff RFC club. Hill has 15 caps over a ten-year spell with the captaincy on four occasions.", "music    entity is a song by the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers from their 1985 album, Freaky Styley. It was released as the album's first single however failed to chart. A music video released around the same time of the album's release on August 16, 1985. The band couldn't get a proper music video released so manager, Lindy Goetz used different clips of live performances of the song from May 1985 to January 1986 edited together with the album version of the song playing on top. The song has not been performed live since 1989.", "music    entity is a song by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The first single from their album Freaky Styley, the song written by singer Anthony Kiedis is about his friend Flea, the band's bassist.", "company    entity is the world's largest global airline alliance. Founded on 14 May 1997, its current CEO is Jeffrey Goh and its headquarters is located in Frankfurt am Main, Germany. As of April 2018, entity is the largest of the three global alliances by passenger count with 762.27 million, ahead of both SkyTeam and Oneworld . Its slogan is \"The Way the Earth Connects\".", "company    entity is an alliance of airlines, the first to see the light of day on May 14, 1997. It remains today the largest, with 26 members. Its two main competitors are SkyTeam and oneworld.", "royal    entity was a Scottish historical novelist, poet, playwright and historian. Many of his works remain classics of European and Scottish literature, notably the novels Ivanhoe, Rob Roy, Waverley, Old Mortality, The Heart of Mid-Lothian and The Bride of Lammermoor, and the narrative poems The Lady of the Lake and Marmion. He had a major impact on European and American literature. As an advocate, judge and legal administrator by profession, he combined writing and editing with daily work as Clerk of Session and Sheriff-Depute of Selkirkshire. He was prominent in Edinburgh's Tory establishment, active in the Highland Society, long a president of the Royal Society of Edinburgh , and a vice president of the Societ", "royal    entity was a Scottish poet and writer born August 15, 1771 in Edinburgh and died September 21, 1832 in Abbotsford. Trained as a lawyer, antique lover, he first traveled Scotland in search of its past.", "music    entity is the title of a live album recorded in Poland by Swedish symphonic metal band Therion released on 25 July 2008. The album is released on two CDs and one DVD.", "music    entity is the second live album by Swedish symphonic death metal band Therion, released on July 25, 2008 by Nuclear Blast.", "body of water    entity is a river in West Africa. The river originates on the Sikasso Plateau of Burkina Faso, flow through the Cascades de Karfigu\u00e9la, forms a short section of the border between Burkina Faso and Ivory Coast until it enters Ivory Coast, where it is the major drainage for northeastern portion of that country before emptying into the Atlantic. The banks of the Komo\u00e9 are shaded by riparian forests along most of it length providing an important habitat for wildlife and a source of agricultural water. Where reliable floodplains form in Ivory Coast, rice may be grown. A portion of the river in northern Ivory Coast is the source of the vegetative richness that earned that area a UNESCO World Heritage Site designation, Como\u00e9 National Park.", "body of water    entity is a river in West Africa that flows through Burkina Faso and C\u00f4te d'Ivoire.", "singer    entity is an American DJ and rapper better known by his stage name Kid Capri.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, DJ and producer.", "video game    entity is a free and open-source .NET Framework-compatible software framework. Originally by Ximian, it was later acquired by Novell, and is now being led by Xamarin, a subsidiary of Microsoft and the .NET Foundation. entity can be run on many software systems.", "video game    entity is an open source implementation of the CLI-based Microsoft .NET development platform. entity was initiated by Miguel de Icaza at his company Ximian which was acquired by Novell in 2003. Following the acquisition of Novell by Attachmate in 2011, entity was taken over by a company created for the occasion: Xamarin.", "competition    entity was a Grand Prix motor race held at Circuit de Monaco on 13 April 1936. Heavy rain contributed to a series of accidents, while a broken oil line on the Alfa Romeo of led to so many wrecks in the chicane out of the tunnel it was almost impassable. The Mercedes-Benzes of Louis Chiron, Luigi Fagioli, and Manfred von Brauchitsch, as well as Bernd Rosemeyer's Typ C of newcomer Auto Union, were all eliminated. Tazio Nuvolari in the Alfa Romeo 8C benefitted from the chaos, only to suffer brake fade, and Rudolf Caracciola, proving the truth of his nickname, Regenmeister , went on to win for Mercedes. He was followed by Achille Varzi and Hans Stuck, both for Auto Union.", "competition    entity is \u200b\u200ba Grand Prix counting towards the European Drivers' Championship, held on the Monaco circuit on April 13, 1936.", "school    entity is a public research university in Louisville, Kentucky. It is part of the Kentucky state university system. When founded in 1798, it was the first city-owned public university in the United States and one of the first universities chartered west of the Allegheny Mountains. The university is mandated by the Kentucky General Assembly to be a \"Preeminent Metropolitan Research University\". The university enrolls students from 118 of 120 Kentucky counties, all 50 U.S. states, and 116 countries around the world.", "school    entity is an American public university located in the city of Louisville, Kentucky. The university is also an important research center in the region. The university's medical research center is a reference in the United States and discoveries like the first vaccine against HPV cancer come from there.", "body of water    entity is a vast reservoir in southern Egypt and northern Sudan. It is one of the largest man-made lakes in the world. Before construction, Sudan was against the building of entity because it would encroach on land in the North, where the Nubian people lived. They would have to be resettled. In the end Sudan's land near the area of entity was mostly flooded by the lake.", "body of water    entity is an artificial lake located on the border between Egypt and Sudan. \"Nasser\" is the name of the Egyptian portion of this body of water, the Sudanese side bearing the name of Lake Nubia.", "city    entity is one of the twenty regions of Italy. In English, the region is referred to as The entitys . The name derives from the plural of the medieval word marca or march, originally referring to a borderland territory of the Holy Roman Empire, such as the March of Ancona and others pertaining to the ancient region.", "city    entity is a region of central Italy, which has 1.56 million inhabitants on 9,366 km2.", "music    entity is a 2008 song recorded by the French house producer and DJ Laurent Wolf. It was the first single from his sixth album Wash My World, on which it features as the first track in its radio edit version, and as the tenth track in the Zen @ Acoustic version. Released in March 2008, this dance and techno song achieved a great success in many countries, including France and Belgium, where it topped the charts.", "music    entity is a song by French DJ Laurent Wolf, the song is performed by Mauritian singer Eric Carter.", "competition    entity was a Southeast Asian multi-sport event held in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia from 6 to 13 December 1971 with 15 sports featured in the games. In this edition of the games, host country Malaysia joined Singapore in pressuring Thailand to let the SEAP Games Federation expand to include the Philippines and Indonesia, but to no avail. Thai officials felt that such expansion would be contrary to the small family affair they had intended the games to be, and would not be in keeping with the close-neighbours spirit the games was supposed to cultivate. This was the second time Malaysia hosted the games and its first time since 1965. The games was opened and closed by Abdul Halim, the King of Malaysia", "competition    entity is the second time that the Malaysian capital has hosted this competition.", "music    entity is a subgenre of house music developed around the mid-1980s by DJs from Chicago. The style is defined primarily by the \"squelching\" sounds and basslines of the Roland TB-303 electronic bass synthesizer-sequencer, an innovation attributed to Chicago producers DJ Pierre of Phuture and Sleezy D. entity brought house music to a worldwide audience. The influence of acid house can be heard on later styles of dance music including trance, hardcore, jungle, big beat, techno and trip hop.", "music    entity is a genre of electronic music derived from house, having emerged around the 1980s in Chicago, United States. It features an analog bass created by a Roland TB-303 synthesizer-sequencer. entity spread across the UK and Europe at rave parties. At the end of the 1980s, acid house developed in the British music scene, where it was influenced by pop and dance directions.", "broadcast    entity is an American commercial broadcast television network owned by Fox Corporation and headquartered in New York City, with additional offices at the Fox Broadcasting Center in New York and the Fox Television Center in Los Angeles. Launched as a competitor to the Big Three television networks on October 9, 1986, Fox went on to become the most successful attempt at a fourth television network. It was the highest-rated free-to-air network in the 18\u201349 demographic from 2004 to 2012 and 2020, and became the most-watched American television network in total viewership during the 2007\u201308 season.", "broadcast    entity is a commercial television network owned by Fox Entertainment Group, part of 21st Century Fox owned by Rupert Murdoch. Launched on October 9, 1986, Fox was the highest rated broadcast network in the 18-49 age bracket from 2004 to 2009.", "school    entity is a 1929 short film starring Laurel and Hardy, directed by James Parrott and produced by Hal Roach.", "school    entity is an American comedy film by James Parrott released in 1929.", "city    entity is a city, metropolitan borough, and administrative centre in the West Midlands, England. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 249,470. People from the city are called \"Wulfrunians\".", "city    entity is a British city located in Staffordshire. It has city status. Historically part of the county of Staffordshire, it has been part of the metropolitan county of the West Midlands since 1974. The name of the city is commonly recognized as deriving from Lady Wulfruna, founder of the city in 985.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American rapper Ice Cube. It was released on December 7, 1993, through Lench Mob Records and Priority Records. The production on the album was handled by QDIII, Madness 4 Real, Sir Jinx, Laylaw, D'Mag, and Ice Cube himself.", "music    entity is Ice Cube's fourth studio album, released on December 7, 1993. The album ranked #1 on Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #5 on the Billboard 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry. Association of America on February 1, 1994.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, south-east Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Opoczno, which lies 72 kilometres south-east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The only other town in the county is Drzewica, lying 15 km north-east of Opoczno.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship in south -central Poland.", "actor    entity is one of 24 performers to have achieved the Triple Crown of Acting.", "actor    entity is an American actor, by his full name Jason Nelson Robards Jr., born July 26, 1922 in Chicago, and died December 26, 2000 in Bridgeport. He is the son of Jason Nelson Robards Sr. and the father of Sam Robards, both actors.", "war    entity is the fifth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir. It was released by Nuclear Blast Records in 2001. This is the first album to feature drummer Nicholas Barker, guitarist Galder, and ICS Vortex on bass. It is also the first album upon which the band used real orchestral instrumentation instead of keyboard lines.", "war    entity is the fifth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Dimmu Borgir, released in 2001. This album had quite a commercial success and, following this, they were awarded the Norwegian Grammy Award. This is the first album where Galder plays in the group, after the departure of Astennu. It is also the first album where Barker and Vortex are considered full band members.", "music    entity was described as being \"folktronica\", a blend of folk, psychedelia, electronica, experimental rock and trip hop, often involving stylistic experimentation. Despite inner conflict and the eventual decline of the group, they became critically acclaimed after releasing their first few recordings and achieved a cult following, before disbanding in 2004. They were praised by members of both Radiohead and Oasis, the former of which chose them to open for their concerts in 2001.", "music    entity is a Scottish band formed in 1996 by John Maclean, Richard Greentree, Steve Mason and Robin Jones. bands like Radiohead and Oasis.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American hip hop duo Method Man & Redman. It is the first full-length release by Method Man and Redman after many collaborations. The album continued a string of highly successful Def Jam releases in the late 1990s. The album debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 with first week sales of 254,000 copies and served as a bit of a precursor to the 2001 major studio film How High. Both rappers enjoyed perhaps the height of their popularity as a tandem after the success of the album and its three charted singles. The singles were also popular videos which were mainstays on MTV and BET. The sequel to the album, entity 2, was released on May 19, 2009.", "music    entity is Method Man & Redman's first studio album, released on September 28, 1999. The commercial success of the album, particularly in the United States, was very rapid: on January 6, 2000, the album was certified platinum, only three months after its release.", "sports team    entity are a professional American football team based in Kansas City, Missouri. The Chiefs compete in the National Football League as a member club of the league's American Football Conference West division. Across the decades the franchise's name, fans, and owner have faced charges of exploitation regarding the appropriation of Native American iconography and cultural and religious practices.", "sports team    entity was founded in 1960 as the Dallas Texans by Lamar Hunt as a member of the AFL. It then moved from Dallas to Kansas City in 1963 and then adopted the Kansas City Chiefs name.", "music    entity is an American record label, originally based in Memphis, Tennessee. Founded in 1957 as Satellite Records, the label changed its name to entity in 1961 and shared its operations with Volt Records, a sister label created to avoid the impression of favoritism among radio stations playing their records.", "music    entity is a record recording and distribution company. Founded as Satellite Records in Memphis in 1958 by two siblings, Jim Stewart and Estelle Axton, Stax became one of the most important Soul music production houses in the 1960s, before closing its doors in 1975. Stax resumed its activities in 2007, on the initiative of the Concord label.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wa\u0142cz, within Wa\u0142cz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres south-west of Wa\u0142cz and 124 km east of the regional capital Szczecin. The village has a population of 110.", "airport    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Wa \u0142 cz, in the powiat of Wa \u0142 cz, in the voivodeship of West Pomerania .", "city    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Che\u0142m County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of Rejowiec, which lies approximately 17 kilometres south-west of Che\u0142m and 52 km east of the regional capital Lublin. It was formerly in Krasnystaw County, but was transferred to Che\u0142m County in 2006. The gmina covers an area of 106.25 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 6,695.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in the county of Che\u0142m , Lublin, in eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of entity, which lies about 17 km southwest of Che\u0142m and 52 km east of the regional capital Lublin. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b106.25 km2 for a population of 6,695.", "sports team    entity were a German professional men's ice hockey club from Frankfurt, Germany that played in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga. The club ceased operations in 2010 due to financial difficulty.", "sports team    entity are a professional ice hockey club from Germany, located in Frankfurt am Main in Hesse. entity were German champions in 2004.", "government    entity is a political, social, and economic philosophy encompassing a range of economic and social systems characterised by social ownership of the means of production. It includes the political theories and movements associated with such systems. Social ownership can be public, collective, cooperative, or of equity. While no single definition encapsulates the many types of socialism, social ownership is the one common element. entitys vary based on the role of markets and planning in resource allocation, on the structure of management in organizations, and from below or from above approaches, with some socialists favouring a party, state, or technocratic-driven approach. Socialists disagree on whether government, particularly existing government, is the correct vehicle for change.", "government    entity is to promote a social and economic organization tending towards greater social justice. The original goal of socialism is to obtain social equality, or at least a reduction of inequalities.", "sportsman    entity is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Oeste.", "sportsman    entity is a Brazilian footballer. He plays striker in Palmeiras.", "actor    entity was an American cinematographer.", "actor    entity is an American cinematographer, member of the ASC. He is generally credited Donald E. Thorin.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiesz\u00f3w, within \u0141uk\u00f3w County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres north-west of Trzebiesz\u00f3w, 14 km north-east of \u0141uk\u00f3w, and 86 km north of the regional capital Lublin.", "airport    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Trzebiesz\u00f3w in the county of \u0141uk\u00f3w , Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "city    entity is a town and municipality located in Central Bosnia Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It lies in the valley of the Fojnica River, the Lepenica and the Kre\u0161evka River, which are a tributary of the Bosna, and it is on the intersection of roads from Visoko, Fojnica, Kre\u0161evo and Rakovica.", "city    entity is a town and municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina. They are located in the canton of Central Bosnia, Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. At the 1991 census, the city had 3,412 inhabitants and the municipality 24,164.", "music    entity is the third studio album by Boards of Canada. Released by Warp Records in October 2005, the album featured the addition of more organic musical elements, including heavily treated acoustic guitars and more conventional song structures. It received generally positive reviews from critics, and reached number 41 on the UK albums chart.", "music    entity is the third studio album by Boards of Canada.", "music    entity is a French indie pop band from Versailles, France, consisting of Thomas Mars , Deck d'Arcy , Christian Mazzalai and Laurent Brancowitz . While they have released such critically acclaimed records as United and Wolfgang Amadeus entity, they are best known for their singles \"If I Ever Feel Better\", \"Lisztomania\", \"Too Young\" and \"1901\".", "music    entity is \u200b\u200ba musical group from Versailles composed of Thomas Mars, Deck d'Arcy, Laurent Brancowitz and Christian Mazzalai. It is one of the most popular French rock bands in the world. The entity have recorded five original albums in thirteen years and composed more than fifty songs.", "government    entity is an agrarian political alliance in Latvia. It is made up of the Latvian Farmers' Union and Latvian Green Party and it closely cooperates with For Latvia and Ventspils and Liep\u0101ja Party. It is positioned in the centre or centre-right on the political spectrum. It is orientated towards conservative, soft Eurosceptic policies, and green politics, and it can be considered a centrist Nordic agrarian alliance, with nationalist and anti-liberal elements.", "government    entity is an alliance between the Latvian parties Latvijas Zemnieku savien \u012b ba and Latvijas Za \u013c \u00e0 Partija .", "actor    entity is a French radio and television presenter. He is known for presenting Laurent Ruquier's sketch comedy show On n'demande qu'\u813f en rire in 2014. He also co-hosted on MCM the special \"La Nuit de la pub drole\" and \"La nuit de la pub sexy\" with Val Kahl.In February 2018, animator of France 2 :.", "actor    entity is a French radio and television presenter.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Brandy Norwood. It was written by LaShawn Daniels, Rodney Jerkins, Kenisha Pratt, Nora Payne, and Norwood for her third studio album, Full Moon , featuring main production by Jerkins. An offbeat, aggressive high-tech track, the song's development was motivated by the fact that the singer wanted something different\u00a0\u2013 an aggressive, sexier and edgier sound with a message which would give women strength while also reflecting her own growth and maturity.", "music    entity is a song performed by American artist Brandy, released as a single on January 1, 2002 from her third album Full Moon.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Pas-de-Calais in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region. Its inhabitants are called Ferquois.", "movie    entity was an Italian film director, screenwriter and critic.", "movie    entity is an Italian film director, screenwriter, actor and producer, born on April 3, 1922 in Rome, the city where he died on October 5, 2013.", "video game    entity is an American video game development company based in Frisco, Texas. It was established as a limited liability company in February 1999 by five developers formerly of Rebel Boat Rocker. Randy Pitchford, one of the founders, serves as president and chief executive officer. Gearbox initially created expansions for the Valve game Half-Life, then ported that game and others to console platforms. In 2005, Gearbox launched its first independent set of games, Brothers in Arms, on console and mobile devices. It became their flagship franchise and spun off a comic book series, television documentary, books, and action figures. Their second original game series, Borderlands, commenced in 2009, and by 2015 had sold over 26 million copies. The company also owns the intellectual prope", "video game    entity is an American video game development studio founded in 1999 and located in Plano near Dallas. The company is particularly known for having developed several installments in the Brothers in Arms series, and being at the origin of the Borderlands game.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American hip hop artist Big L. Released March 28, 1995 on Columbia Records, it is Big L's only album to be released during his lifetime. Recording sessions took place primarily at Powerplay Studios in Queens, New York in mid-to-late 1994. Production was handled by Buckwild, Lord Finesse, Showbiz and Craig Boogie.", "music    entity is Big L's debut studio album, released on March 28, 1995.", "singer    entity was an English orchestral and rock composer, pianist, and Hammond organ player known for his pioneering work in fusing rock with classical or baroque forms, especially with the British rock band Deep Purple. He also spent time in the bands Whitesnake, Paice Ashton Lord, The Artwoods, The Flower Pot Men and Santa Barbara Machine Head. In 1968, Lord co-founded Deep Purple, a hard rock band of which he was regarded as the leader until 1970. Together with the other members, he collaborated on most of his band's most popular songs. He and drummer Ian Paice were the only continuous presence in the band between 1968 and 1976, and also from when it was re-established, in 1984, until Lord's retirement in 2002. On 11 November 2010, he was inducted as an", "singer    entity is a British composer, pianist and organist. A founding member of the hard rock band Deep Purple, he also collaborated with Whitesnake and produced many classical compositions.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Helsinki, Finland. They are members of the Bobrov Division of the Western Conference of the Kontinental Hockey League . The team won six league championships as a member of the Finnish SM-liiga . Jokerit plays its home games at the Hartwall Arena. The team has been a part of the Kontinental Hockey League since the 2014\u201315 KHL season, making Finland the first Nordic country to have a team in the league.", "sports team    entity are an ice hockey club from Finland, located in the capital Helsinki, at Hartwall Arena, and playing in the KHL.", "war    entity was an armed conflict that pitted several bands of the Nez Perce tribe of Native Americans and their allies, a small band of the Palouse tribe led by Red Echo and Bald Head , against the United States Army. The conflict, fought between June and October 1877, stemmed from the refusal of several bands of the Nez Perce, dubbed \"non-treaty Indians,\" to give up their ancestral lands in the Pacific Northwest and move to an Indian reservation in Idaho. This forced removal was in violation of the 1855 Treaty of Walla Walla, which granted the tribe 7.5 million acres of their ancestral lands and the right to hunt and fish on lands ceded to the U.S. government.", "war    entity is an episode of the Indian Wars opposing several groups of Nez-Perc\u00e9 to the troops of the United States Army during the summer of 1877.", "video game    entity is an American first-party video game developer of Xbox Game Studios based in San Francisco, California. Founded in July 2000 by Tim Schafer shortly after his departure from LucasArts, Double Fine's first two games \u2013 Psychonauts and Br\u00fctal Legend \u2013 underperformed publishers' expectations despite critical praise. The future of the company was assured when Schafer turned to several in-house prototypes built during a two-week period known as \"Amnesia Fortnight\" to expand as smaller titles, all of which were licensed through publishers and met with commercial success. Schafer has since repeated these Amnesia Fortnights, using fan-voting mechanics, to help select and build smaller titles. Double Fine is also credited with driving interest in crowdfunding in video g", "video game    entity is a video game development studio founded in July 2000 by Tim Schafer after his departure from LucasArts. entity started by hiring the people who had worked on the Grim Fandango game and some new employees. The name \"Double Fine\" comes from the fact that the San Francisco Bridge is a double fine area, the company being based in San Francisco. The first title produced by entity is Psychonauts.", "sportsman    entity is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as left-back for Liga de Balompi\u00e9 Mexicano club Chapulineros de Oaxaca.", "sportsman    entity is a Mexican footballer who plays as a defender at FC Le\u00f3n.", "music    entity is an album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1986 on the Epic Records label. It peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Country Albums chart. entity went Gold in 1994.", "music    entity is an album by American country music artist George Jones. This album was released in 1986 on the Epic Records label. It reached number 5 on the Billboard charts for country albums. entity was certified Gold in 1994.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper Mos Def, released on October 12, 1999, by Rawkus and Priority Records. Prior to its recording, Mos Def had collaborated with Talib Kweli for the album Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star in 1998, which raised high expectations for a solo effort by the former. entity features an emphasis on live instrumentation and socially conscious lyrics. On February 2, 2000, the album was certified Gold in sales by the Recording Industry Association of America , following sales in excess of 500,000 copies.", "music    entity is Mos Def's debut studio album, released on November 9, 1999. This album follows his collaboration with Talib Kweli on Black Star.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, from their second UK album With the Beatles . It was written by Paul McCartney , and produced by George Martin. Though not officially released as a single in the United Kingdom or the United States, the song drew considerable radio airplay, prompting EMI to issue it as the title track of an EP. The song was released as a single in Canada, where it became a number one hit. The Canadian single was imported into the US in enough quantities to peak at number 45 on the US Billboard Hot 100 in April 1964.", "music    entity is a Beatles song written in 1963 by Paul McCartney, although credited to Lennon/McCartney. The circumstances of the composition are unclear, but it is certain that McCartney wrote the lyrics before the music, which is unusual for him.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played with several National Hockey League teams in the 1980s. He was a member of the 1983 Stanley Cup champion New York Islanders.", "sports team    entity is a professional hockey player. He played defense and won the Stanley Cup with the 1983 champions, the New York Islanders.Cape Breton Portal Cape Breton Portal Nova Scotia Portal Nova Scotia Portal Ice Hockey Portal ice Hockey", "music    entity is the third studio album by the American singer Anthony Hamilton. It was released on December 13, 2005, by So So Def Recordings and Zomba. It debuted at number 19 on the Billboard 200 and at number four on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, selling 112,000 copies in its first week. It was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on April 4, 2006, and, by March 2006, it had sold 350,000 copies in the United States.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American RnB/Nu Soul singer Anthony Hamilton, released in the United States on December 13, 2005 through So So Def Recordings/Zomba Label Group/Arista Records.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Ciechan\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Opinog\u00f3ra G\u00f3rna, which lies approximately 7 kilometres north-east of Ciechan\u00f3w and 79 km north of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 139.76 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 5,980 .", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Ciechan\u00f3w County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its administrative seat is the village of entity, which lies about 7 kilometers northeast of Ciechan\u00f3w, the seat of the powiat, and 89 kilometers north of Warsaw, the capital of Poland. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b139, 76 km2 for a population of 5,980 inhabitants in 2006.", "war    entity is a 1979 French thriller film directed by Henri Verneuil.", "war    entity is a French film directed by Henri Verneuil, released in 1979.", "language    entity is a Central Sudanic language of northeastern Congo. It is quite similar to Lese. entity is spoken in Watsa Territory.", "language    entity is a Nilo-Saharan language of the Central Sudanic branch of languages \u200b\u200bspoken in the Orientale Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by English alternative rock musician PJ Harvey, released on 24 October 2000 by Island Records. Recorded during March to April 2000, it contains themes of love that are tied into Harvey's affection for New York City.", "music    entity is an album by PJ Harvey released in October 2000. This album received the Mercury Music Prize. Sales are estimated at one million copies. Rolling Stone magazine ranked it the 8th best female rock album. In 2006, Time magazine named it one of the 100 best albums of all time, regardless of genre.", "music    entity is a song by German Neue Deutsche H\u00e4rte band Rammstein. It was released as the fourth and final single from their fourth studio album, Reise, Reise , on 28 February 2005 in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland as a maxi-single, a limited edition digipak single, a 7\" vinyl single, a 12\" vinyl single, and as a two-track.", "music    entity is the fourth song from the album Reise, Reise by German band Rammstein. At first glance, this is a person who is obese and does not accept himself as he is. But the group wants to bring out the artist's blues: too much money, women, alcohol, no desire for anything. Everything has to stop.", "music    entity is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna, from her sixth studio album, Talk That Talk . After it leaked onto the Internet, fans expressed interest in the track being included on Talk That Talk, but it was later revealed that the 1:18 length that leaked was in fact the final cut and was not being considered for inclusion on the album. Due to a high level of fan interest, the song was included on the album as an interlude. The full length version, also known as the official remix of the track, featuring Rihanna's ex-boyfriend Chris Brown, premiered online on February 20, 2012, to coincide with Rihanna's 24th birthday. The song peaked in the top fifty on the Billboard Hot 100.The lyrics to entity express the desire to have spontaneous sex.", "music    entity is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna, from her sixth studio album Talk That Talk. After leaking to the internet, fans expressed interest in having the track included on Talk That Talk, but it was later revealed that the 1:18-length track would actually be the final version and had no not been considered to be added to the album.", "movie    entity is a 1999 film produced by HBO starring James Belushi, Michael Beach and Timothy Dalton. It combines elements of comedy with action and adventure.", "movie    entity is an American film directed by Louis Morneau, broadcast in the United States on the HBO channel in 1999.", "music    entity is a song by Belgian singer Stromae. The song was released as a digital download in Belgium on 4 June 2013 as the second single from his second studio album Racine carr\u00e9e . The song entered at the number 1 spot the week of its release in Belgium and reached number 1 in France. It was his most financially successful single since \"Alors on Danse\" in 2009.", "music    entity is a lullaby by Belgian singer Stromae, taken from his second studio album, entitled Racine Carr\u00e9e. The track was released as the album's second single on May 27, 2013.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within \u0141\u00f3d\u017a East County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres south of Tuszyn and 27 km south of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The village dates back to at least the 16th century.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Tuszyn, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a - East County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "language    entity is an Andic language of the Northeast Caucasian language family spoken by the entitys in the and Ashino villages in southwestern Dagestan, Russia by approximately 210 people, according to the 2010 census.", "language    entity is a Caucasian language that belongs to the Avaro-Andi language group, of the Nakho-Dagestanian language family. entity is spoken in the area of \u200b\u200bthe same name of the Republic of Dagestan by about 3,000 people. The language is not written. The entitys also use Russian and are bilingual with Avar.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Altron and published by Acclaim Entertainment under their Club Acclaim label that was released for the Game Boy Color system.", "video game    entity is a puzzle video game developed and published by Taito in 2000 for the Game Boy Color. It is part of the Puzzle Bobble series.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in W\u0142odawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of Urszulin, which lies approximately 31 kilometres south-west of W\u0142odawa and 46 km east of the regional capital Lublin. The gmina covers an area of 171.62 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 3,999. The gmina contains part of the protected area called Polesie Landscape Park.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in the county of W\u0142odawa , Lublin, in eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of entity, which lies about 31 km southwest of W\u0142 odawa and 46 km east of the regional capital Lublin. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b171.62 km2 for a population of 3,999 inhabitants.", "war    entity is a 2001 American romantic war drama film directed by Michael Bay, produced by Bay and Jerry Bruckheimer and written by Randall Wallace. It stars Ben Affleck, Kate Beckinsale, Josh Hartnett, Cuba Gooding Jr., Tom Sizemore, Jon Voight, Colm Feore, and Alec Baldwin. The film presented a heavily fictionalized version of the attack on entity by Japanese forces on December 7, 1941, focusing on a love story set amid the lead up to the attack, its aftermath, and the Doolittle Raid.", "war    entity is an American film directed by Michael Bay and released in theaters on May 25, 2001 in the United States and June 6, 2001 in France. Written by Randall Wallace and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, it features a large ensemble cast including Ben Affleck, Josh Hartnett, Kate Beckinsale, Cuba Gooding, Jr., Tom Sizemore, Jon Voight, Colm Feore and Alec Baldwin. is an adaptation of the Japanese attack on entity and later the Doolittle Raid.", "music    entity is a song by American blues musician Robert Johnson. It was recorded during Johnson's third recording session in San Antonio, Texas, on November 27, 1936. The song was released on a 78 rpm record in April the following year by Vocalion Records as the second side of \"32-20 Blues\". It was included on the first reissue of Johnson's songs, King of the Delta Blues Singers in 1961. In 1990, it was released on compact disc as part of The Complete Recordings box set, and in 2000 it was included in Harry Smith's Anthology of American Folk Music, Vol. 4.", "music    entity is a song by blues singer Robert Johnson.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres east of Krotoszyn and 92 km south-east of the regional capital Pozna\u8245.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of Krotoszyn in Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "singer    entity is a Swedish record producer, songwriter, and retired singer. He rose to prominence in the late 1990s making a string of hit singles such as Britney Spears's \"...Baby One More Time\" , the Backstreet Boys' \"I Want It That Way\" , and NSYNC's \"It's Gonna Be Me\" . Martin has won the ASCAP Songwriter of the Year award a record eleven times.", "singer    entity is a Swedish songwriter, music producer born February 26, 1971 in Stockholm, Sweden.", "sports team    entity were an ice hockey team in the American Hockey League. They played in Binghamton, New York, USA at the Broome County Veterans Memorial Arena.", "sports team    entity are a professional ice hockey franchise in the American Hockey League that existed from 1990 to 1997. The team played in Binghamton, New York at the United States Flag Rink. from the Broome County Veterans Memorial Arena.", "movie    entity is hand-drawn and computer animation originating from Japan. In Japan and in Japanese, anime describes all animated works, regardless of style or origin. However, outside of Japan and in English, anime is colloquial for Japanese animation and refers specifically to animation produced in Japan. Animation produced outside of Japan with similar style to Japanese animation is referred to as anime-influenced animation.", "movie    A Listen to the Pronunciation anime, also sometimes called japanime or japanimation, refers to an anime series or film from Japan.", "city    entity is a prefecture-level city in the south of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region along the Sino-Vietnamese border. It is home to one of China's largest Zhuang populations.", "city    entity is a city in the southwest of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region in China.", "actor    entity is the second youngest person ever to win the award after Damien Chazelle, who won for La La Land in 2017. He was later nominated for Best Director for the film Boys Town . He directed some of the best-known actors of the twentieth century, including his nephew Jackie Cooper, Spencer Tracy, Mickey Rooney, Judy Garland, Deanna Durbin, Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, Deborah Kerr, Peter Lawford, Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, and Elvis Presley. Taurog directed six Martin and Lewis films, and nine Elvis Presley films, more than any other director.", "actor    entity was an American director and screenwriter. He was blind in one eye when he made Surprise Cruise with Elvis Presley in 1967 and became completely blind two years later.", "singer    entity was initially called Tyrannosaurus Rex, and released four albums under this name - three psychedelic folk and one mellow psychedelic rock. In 1969, while developing the style for the fourth album, Bolan began to change the band's style towards electric rock, and shortened their name to T. Rex the following year. This development culminated in 1970 with the song \"Ride a White Swan\", and the group soon became pioneers of the glam rock movement.", "singer    entity is a British rock band created in the late 1960s in London by singer Marc Bolan. First named Tyrannosaurus Rex, the name was shortened in 1970 to coincide with a change of style in the band's music: it went from experimental folk to more electric rock which immediately won over a large audience in the Kingdom. -United. With the tracks Ride a White Swan, Hot Love and Get It On, T.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Toni Braxton from her third studio album, The Heat . It was released on September 25, 2000, as the album's third single. The song was written by Diane Warren and produced by David Foster. It was never released as a commercial single in the United States, where the song reached number 98 on the Billboard Hot 100. In 2010, the song was covered by flamenco guitarist Benise for his album The Spanish Guitar.", "music    entity is a song by singer Toni Braxton, released on November 21, 2000. The song is the third single from the album The Heat. It is written by Diane Warren and composed by David Foster.", "singer    entity is an English singer-songwriter and musician best known for being the bass guitarist and one of the founding members of the English rock band Def Leppard. Savage and lead singer Joe Elliott are the only two remaining original members of the band. The two of them, plus drummer Rick Allen, are also the only members of the band who have performed on every album.", "singer    entity is the bass player and one of the founders of the hard rock band Def Leppard since 1977. He was a professional footballer with the club Sheffield United, although he is a fervent supporter of the enemy club, Sheffield Wednesday.Portail du football Portail du football Rock Portal Rock Portal Yorkshire Portal Yorkshire Portal", "music    entity is a song by American singer Jessica Simpson. It was co-written by Simpson and produced by Lester Mendez, for Simpson's fourth studio album of the same title. It was released as the album's first single on June 29, 2006, by Epic Records. The synthpop track samples the composition of \"Ain't No Mountain High Enough\" by Diana Ross and interpolates the Madonna classic \"Holiday\". It was also compared to Janet Jackson. Lyrically, the song speaks about having fun with friends.", "music    entity is the first single by American singer Jessica Simpson, taken from entity's fifth album, released on June 29, 2006.", "music    entity is the third studio album by French producer Ludovic Navarre, released under his stage name St Germain. The album's musical style features a combination of nu jazz and acid jazz, what AllMusic described as \"a synthesis of electronics with jazz soloing\". entity formed the soundtrack of the 2001 French film Chaos.", "music    entity is St Germain's third album, released in 2001, and his first with the Blue Note label. It marks the return of the artist, five years after his album Boulevard.", "music    entity is a song by Japanese singer-songwriter Hikaru Utada. It was released by EMI Music Japan digitally on November 17, 2012, with a DVD single released December 26, 2012. The song is the theme to the third film of the Rebuild of Evangelion movie series, Evangelion: 3.0 You Can Redo, and was later included on their sixth Japanese-language studio album Fant\u00f4me, released in 2016. The single also marked Utada's last release under the then EMI-controlled EMI Music Japan as the label was absorbed into Universal Music Japan as EMI Records Japan in April 2013.", "music    entity is a song by Hikaru Utada, released as a single in 2012. A video with the same name was also released shortly after.", "music    entity is a song written and recorded by Bob Dylan. Dylan's version first appeared on the album Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. II compilation, released in 1971. It was subsequently included in the triple LP compilation Masterpieces.", "music    entity is a song by Bob Dylan. She first appeared on Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. 2, in a version recorded during Dylan's concert at Town Hall in New York, April 12, 1963.Dylan made other recordings of the song, notably for the \"Witmark Demos\" in December 1962 or during the sessions of the New Morning album in 1970.", "music    entity is a skater subculture and punk rock subgenre that developed in the 1980s. Originally a form of hardcore punk that had been closely associated with skate culture, skate punk evolved into a more melodic genre of punk rock in the 1990s. Since then, it has predominately featured fast tempos, lead guitar playing , fast drumming, and singing . Occasionally, skate punk also combines the fast tempos of hardcore punk and melodic hardcore with the catchy hooks of pop-punk.", "music    entity is a musical genre derived from punk rock that fans of skateboarding, surfing and other acrobatic sports listen to.", "music    entity is a song recorded by Japanese musician Kumi Koda, taken as the fourth and final single from her ninth studio album Dejavu . It premiered on February 2, 2011 by Rhythm Zone and Avex Music Creative Inc. in two physical formats and for digital consumption. The song was written, composed, arranged and produced by musical artist Lil' Showy, making it one of few tracks from Dejavu to not be written by Koda.", "music    entity is the 49th single by Kumi K\u014dda released under the Rhythm Zone label on February 2, 2011 in Japan. It reached #4 on the Oricon chart. It sold 32,702 copies in the first week, and remained ranked for 5 weeks for a total of 38,677 copies sold in all. It is released in CD, CD+DVD, CD+earmuffs format, on this last version there is only the song entity. entity is used as an advertising campaign for Daiichikosho's LIVE DAM LIVE.", "music    entity is an album of contemporary classical music by American composer and saxophonist/multi-instrumentalist John Zorn consisting two tribute compositions for Marguerite Duras and Marcel Duchamp. All tracks were recorded at Avatar on May 1, 1997. The only exception being track 5, which was at Shelly Palmer Studio a month to the day prior.", "music    entity is an album by John Zorn composed of two parts which respectively pay homage to Marguerite Duras and Marcel Duchamp. The two parts are each played by a set of different musicians under the direction of John Zorn. It was released in 1997 on the Tzadik label.", "competition    entity was a non-Championship motor race, run to Formula One rules, held on 17 March 1968 at Brands Hatch circuit in Kent, England. The race was run over 50 laps of the circuit, and was dominated by Bruce McLaren in a McLaren M7A.", "competition    Result of the 1968 edition of the Race of Champions, contested on March 17, 1968 on the Brands Hatch track in England.", "singer    entity is a fusion genre that fuses vocal and instrumental elements of hip hop with various forms of rock. entity's most popular subgenres include rap metal and , which include heavy metal and hardcore punk-oriented influences, respectively.", "singer    entity is a musical genre that combines instrumental and vocal elements of hip-hop and many styles of rock. The most popular musical subgenres of rap rock include rap metal and rapcore, inspired by heavy metal and hardcore punk, respectively. A first song of the genre is called The Magnificent Seven by the Clash, which mixes new wave, hip-hop and funk.", "music    entity is a song and the first power ballad by American heavy metal band Metallica, released as the first promotional single from its second studio album, Ride the Lightning. The song was ranked as having the 24th best guitar solo ever by Guitar World readers. The song peaked at number 100 on Swiss Singles Chart in 2008. The song is certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America.", "music    entity is a song by thrash metal band Metallica on their second album, Ride the Lightning. It was the first musical ballad released by the band. It was ranked the 24th best guitar solo ever by readers of Guitar World magazine.", "airport    entity is a former commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune Noyant-Villages.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Maine-et-Loire, in the Pays de la Loire region. This rural commune is located in the Baugeois, south-west of Noyant. It is one of the least populated municipalities in the department.", "actor    entity was an Ancient Greek, pre-Socratic, Ionian philosopher and a native of the city of Ephesus, which was then part of the Persian Empire.", "actor    entity was a late 6th century BC Greek philosopher. J.-C.", "actor    entity is an English actor, director, and former fashion model known for his roles as Simon Adebisi in Oz, Lock-Nah in The Mummy Returns, Nykwana Wombosi in The Bourne Identity, Kurse in Thor: The Dark World, Killer Croc in Suicide Squad, Mr. Eko in Lost, Malko in the fifth season of the HBO series Game of Thrones, and Dave Duerson in the NFL biopic drama Concussion.", "actor    entity is a British comedian of Nigerian origin, born in London on August 22, 1967. He has a master's degree in law. Before becoming an actor, he was a model.", "music    entity is the 1977 debut album by American rock singer Meat Loaf and composer Jim Steinman. It was developed from a musical, Neverland, a futuristic rock version of Peter Pan, which Steinman wrote for a workshop in 1974. The album was recorded during 1975\u20131976 at various studios, including Bearsville Studios in Woodstock, New York, produced by Todd Rundgren, and released in October 1977 by Cleveland International/Epic Records. Its musical style is influenced by Steinman's appreciation of Richard Wagner, Phil Spector, Bruce Springsteen and The Who. entity has spawned two Meat Loaf sequel albums: entity II: Back into Hell and entity III: The Monster Is Loose.", "music    entity is Meat Loaf's debut album, released in 1977. When released, the album ranked 9th in the UK and 14th in the US, but its success never wavered with 34 million copies sold. It thus remained 474 weeks in the British charts; only Fleetwood Mac's Rumors did better. entity was produced at several studios in New York State. The concept is from Jim Steinman and Meat Loaf.", "music    entity is a genre of music that draws on harsh, transgressive or provocative sounds and themes. AllMusic defines industrial music as the \"most abrasive and aggressive fusion of rock and electronic music\" that was \"initially a blend of avant-garde electronics experiments and punk provocation\". The term was coined in the mid-1970s with the founding of Industrial Records by members of Throbbing Gristle and Monte Cazazza. While the genre name originated with Throbbing Gristle's emergence in the United Kingdom, artists and labels vital to the genre also emerged in the United States and other countries.", "music    entity is a style of electronic music with transgressive and provocative themes. The term appeared in the mid-1970s, following the founding of the Industrial Records label by the group Throbbing Gristle, and the appearance of the slogan \"industrial music for industrial people.\"", "music    entity is a song performed by French DJ and record producer Martin Solveig and Canadian synthpop band Dragonette from Solveig's fifth studio album, Smash . It features vocals from Japanese girl group Idoling!!!. The song was written and produced by Solveig, and released as the album's third single on 24 October 2011. entity has charted in Belgium, Canada and the United Kingdom. The song's album version has different lyrics than the single version.", "music    entity is a song by French DJ and composer Martin Solveig in collaboration with Canadian electro-pop music group Dragonette and Japanese female pop group Idoling!!!. The song was released on October 24, 2011 through Mercury Records. 4 single taken from his 5 studio album Smash, the song was written by Martin Solveig, Martina Sorbara and produced by Martin Solveig. entity charts in Belgium, Canada, Romania and the United Kingdom.", "actor    entity was an American screenwriter. He wrote for 69 films that were released between 1921 and 1953, and acted in one film. He was born in Oakland, California, and died in Los Angeles, California.", "actor    entity was an American screenwriter and actor.", "actor    entity was a German astronomer. Among his activities, he worked on the calculation of the periods of comets and asteroids, measured the distance from the Earth to the Sun, and made observations of the planet Saturn.", "actor    entity was a German astronomer.", "singer    entity is a French musician. His style has been described as being a combination of house and nu jazz music.", "singer    entity is the stage name of Ludovic Navarre, a French musician born in Saint-Germain-en-Laye in 1973.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey left winger who currently plays for Rote Teufel Bad Nauheim of the DEL2.", "sports team    entity is a German-Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Mayenne in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 297 inhabitants.", "actor    entity is an English actor. Known for his distinctive South London accent, he has appeared in more than 130 films in a career spanning six decades, and is considered a British film icon. As of February 2017, the films in which Caine has appeared have grossed over $7.8 billion worldwide.", "actor    entity is a British actor and producer. He was knighted in 2000 by Queen Elizabeth II.", "sportsman    entity is a Uruguayan football forward who played for Uruguay in the 1954 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Club Nacional de Football.", "sportsman    entity is a Uruguayan international football player, who played as a striker.", "sports team    entity are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League . The team began play in 2007 as the Lake Erie Monsters and since 2015 has served as the top affiliate of the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League . The Monsters play home games at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse in downtown Cleveland and have one Calder Cup championship, after winning their first title in 2016.", "sports team    entity are a professional ice hockey franchise of the American Hockey League in North America. They began playing in the 2007-08 season at Quicken Loans Arena in Cleveland, Ohio.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 11 June 1995 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, Montreal. It was the sixth race of the 1995 Formula One season. It produced the only Grand Prix victory for French driver Jean Alesi. This was seen as a popular victory, as Alesi had waited over five years for a victory and he was driving the red number 27 Ferrari, as driven by Canadian Gilles Villeneuve. Adding to the victory was the fact that the win also occurred on Alesi's 31st birthday, plus with Alesi being French, the local crowd had an affinity for him due to Qu\u00e9bec's sentimental connection with France. This race also marked the last time to date that a Grand Prix was won by a car with a V12 engine, as well as the only race of the season won by a non-Renault-powered car.", "competition    entity is the thirty-third edition of the Grand Prix, the 570th Formula One Grand Prix run since 1950 and the sixth round of the 1995 championship.", "video game    entity is a 1987 platform game developed by German studio Time Warp Productions and published by Rainbow Arts. The scroll screen melody of the game was composed by Chris Huelsbeck and is a popular Commodore 64 soundtrack. The game is heavily based on Nintendo's Super Mario Bros. , which led to production being stopped shortly after release, but it later inspired a number of sequels.", "video game    entity is a platform video game developed by Time Warp Productions and published by Rainbow Arts in 1987 on Commodore 64. The game was also released on Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST and MSX. The Commodore 64 version was programmed by Armin Gessert with graphics by Manfred Trenz.", "music    entity is the twelfth single by the English new wave band Duran Duran, released on 26 October 1984 in the United Kingdom and on 3 November 1984 in the United States. The song was the only studio track on the band's live album Arena , and was produced by Nile Rodgers, who had previously remixed the band's previous single \"The Reflex\". It was recorded at the end of July 1984 at Maison Rouge Studios in London.", "music    entity is a song by the group Duran Duran released as a single in 1984. It is the only extract from the live album Arena, also released in 1984.", "singer    entity is an English singer-songwriter and guitarist. Her accolades include three Mercury Prize nominations, one Brit Award nomination, and a European Border Breakers Award. She has been noted by some critics as a virtuoso guitarist, as well as for her powerful, wide-ranging operatic contralto voice and sometimes androgynous stage appearance.", "singer    entity is an English musician. Discovered in 2010 in Great Britain and acclaimed by NME magazine which compares her to PJ Harvey and Siouxsie, entity released her first album in January 2011.", "language    entity is an East Asian language spoken by about 80 million people, mainly entity, as of 2020. It is the official and national language of both North Korea and South Korea , with different standardized official forms used in each country. It is a recognised minority language in the Yanbian entity Autonomous Prefecture and Changbai entity Autonomous County of Jilin Province, China. It is also spoken in parts of Sakhalin, Russia and Central Asia.", "language    entity is a language used in Korea, the border districts of the People's Republic of China and in emigrant communities, Russia, Australia, the United States, France, etc.), and is the official language of the North Korea and South Korea. The classification of entity is still controversial.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Alpes department in southeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Hautes-Alpes department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are called Brezi\u00e9rois.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Mayenne and the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 1,363 inhabitants.", "music    entity were an American indie group founded by Adam Green and Kimya Dawson. Leading proponents of the anti-folk scene, the band has been on hiatus since 2004. The appearance of their song \"Anyone Else but You\" in the film Juno significantly raised their profile; Dawson and Green made a handful of reunion appearances together in December 2007.", "music    entity are a self-proclaimed anti-folk band, consisting primarily of Adam Green and Kimya Dawson, plus bassist Steve Mertens, drummer Strictly Beats, and guitarists Jack Dishel and Toby Goodshank.", "war    entity is a 1934 American pre-Code crime film, produced by MGM, directed by W. S. Van Dyke, and starring Clark Gable, William Powell, and Myrna Loy. The movie also provided one of the earliest roles for Mickey Rooney, who played Gable's character as a child. The film is based on a story by Arthur Caesar, who won the Academy Award for Best Original Story. It was also the first of Myrna Loy and William Powell's fourteen screen pairings.", "war    entity is a 1934 American film directed by WS Van Dyke.", "music    entity is a limited edition album of improvised experimental music by John Zorn, Ikue Mori and Mike Patton. The album was released as a limited edition 2-CD set of 2,500 copies, personally autographed by Zorn, Patton and Mori, on Zorn's Tzadik label.", "music    entity is a double album of the group composed of Ikue Mori, Mike Patton and John Zorn published by Tzadik in 2002 in a limited edition of 2500 copies autographed by the members of the group, and today out of print. The band plays improvised/experimental/noise music recorded in several different locations.", "city    entity is a county in western Guangdong Province, China, under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Zhaoqing. It was formed in 1961 from the merger of Fengchuan and Kaijian Counties, which were formerly romanized as Fungchuan and Hoikin respectively.", "city    entity is an administrative district in Guangdong Province of China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Zhaoqing.", "actor    entity was a Canadian physician and medical researcher at Rockefeller University, who in 1973 discovered and named dendritic cells while working as a postdoctoral fellow in the laboratory of Zanvil A. Cohn, also at Rockefeller University. Steinman was one of the recipients of the 2011 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.", "actor    entity is a Canadian specialist in immunology, attached to Rockefeller University, from which he holds his doctorate, after studies at McGill University and Harvard Medical School.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American musician Beck, released on June 18, 1996, by DGC Records. The album featured several successful singles, including \"Where It's At\", \"Devils Haircut\", and \"The New Pollution\", and peaked at number sixteen on the Billboard 200. As of July 2008, the album had sold 2.3 million copies in the United States, making entity Beck's most successful album to date. Since its release, the album has appeared in numerous publications' lists of the greatest of the 1990s and of all time.", "music    entity was Beck's fifth studio album released in November 1996. Riding on the success of Mellow Gold, it would go to number 16 on the charts and be his first to chart in England, where it has since been certified platinum. At the end of 2007, when the album sold more than 2.2 million copies in the United States, a reissue provided a revisited cover, as well as 16 unreleased tracks including a Skip James cover.", "music    entity is the thirteenth studio album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released in the UK on 7 September 1987 by EMI and the following day in the US on Columbia. It was recorded primarily on guitarist David Gilmour's converted houseboat, Astoria. entity received mixed reviews; some critics praised the production and instrumentation but criticised Gilmour's writing, and it was derided by Waters. It reached number three in the UK and US, and outsold Pink Floyd's previous album The Final Cut .", "music    entity is the thirteenth studio album by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released in September 1987. In 1985, guitarist David Gilmour began bringing together musicians to work on his third solo album. At the end of 1986, he decided that the work provided would give birth to a new Pink Floyd album, following which drummer Nick Mason and keyboardist Rick Wright were integrated into the project.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by guitarist Steve Vai, released on September 7, 1999 through Epic Records. entity is structurally similar to Vai's previous album, Fire Garden, in that the first half of the album consists mainly of instrumentals, and the second half mainly of vocal songs; however, unlike Fire Garden, entity is not formally divided into two \"phases\".", "music    entity is an album by guitarist Steve Vai released in 1999.", "sportsman    entity is a retired Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman. He last played for Oulun K\u00e4rp\u00e4t of the Finnish Liiga. Earlier in his career, he had a four-year stint in the National Hockey League with the Chicago Blackhawks and Philadelphia Flyers. After his career in ice hockey, Kukkonen is working as a lecturer and trainer specialising in mental coaching and leadership.", "sportsman    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a defender.", "war    entity is a science fantasy role-playing video game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles and later for the Microsoft Windows operating system. Released in Japan in December 2009 and international in March 2010, it is the thirteenth title in the mainline Final Fantasy series. The game includes fast-paced combat, a new system for the series for determining which abilities are developed for the characters called \"Crystarium\", and a customizable \"Paradigm\" system to control which abilities are used by the characters. entity includes elements from the previous games in the series, such as summoned monsters, chocobos, and airships.", "war    entity is a role-playing video game developed and published by Japanese company Square Enix. It was released for PlayStation 3 on December 17, 2009 in Japan and then for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 on March 9, 2010 in Europe and North America. It was later released for Windows on October 9, 2014.", "actor    entity is a Northern Irish former professional footballer who played as a centre forward. Born in Eden, County Antrim, into a large family, he grew up in the nearby town of Carrickfergus. He did well at school, but chose to pursue a career in professional football and initially played for local club Linfield. After a spell in amateur football, Irvine travelled to England for a trial with Burnley at the age of 16. He was offered a professional deal and spent three years playing for the youth and reserve teams, before making his senior debut at the end of the 1962\u201363 season. Over the following seasons, Irvine became a regular feature of the Burnley team and in the 1965\u201366 campaign, he scored 29 goals and was the highest goalscorer in the Football League First", "actor    entity was a Northern Irish player and footballer.", "award    entity is awarded yearly by the Nobel Assembly at the Karolinska Institute for outstanding discoveries in physiology or medicine. The Nobel Prize is not a single prize, but five separate prizes that, according to Alfred Nobel's 1895 will, are awarded \"to those who, during the preceding year, have conferred the greatest benefit to humankind\". Nobel Prizes are awarded in the fields of Physics, Chemistry, Physiology or Medicine, Literature, and Peace.", "award    The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine honors annually, according to the wishes of Alfred Nobel's will, personalities from the medical world and biological research whose work has rendered great service to humanity. The winner must therefore have brought new knowledge or new techniques to the field.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowosolna, within \u0141\u00f3d\u017a East County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 10 km east of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The village has a population of 4.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Nowosolna, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a - East County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyszowce, within Tomasz\u8d38w Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres west of Tyszowce, 24 km north-east of Tomasz\u8d38w Lubelski, and 102 km south-east of the regional capital Lublin.", "stadium    entity is a village in the gmina of Tyszowce, Tomasz\u00f3w Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, located in eastern Poland.", "war    entity is a 1989 science fiction novel by American author Dan Simmons. The first book of his entity Cantos, it won the Hugo Award for best novel. The plot of the novel features multiple time-lines and characters. It follows a similar structure to The Canterbury Tales by Geoffrey Chaucer. The next book in the series was The Fall of entity, published in 1990.", "war    entity is a science fiction novel belonging to the space opera genre, written by Dan Simmons in 1989 and published in France in 1991. This novel is the first volume of a cycle composed of four books: entity, The Fall of entity, Endymion and The Awakening of Endymion, supplemented by two short stories: The Orphans of the Helix and The Death of the Centaur.", "singer    entity is an American singer-songwriter, author and actress. Born and raised in Washington metropolitan area, Amerie gained an appreciation of the classical arts from her mother Mi Suk Rogers and of music from her father Charles Rogers, and she also studied dance from an early age and performed in talent contests. After her High School graduation, her family settled down in Virginia while she began to attend Georgetown University, from which she later graduated with a degree in English and Fine Arts. While living in Washington, D.C., she met producer Rich Harrison, who worked with such performers as Mary J. Blige, and began developing demos with her. This led to a deal with Rise Entertainment and, in turn, major-label Columbia Records", "singer    entity is an American R'n'B singer and songwriter.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres south-west of Chodel, 12 km south-east of Opole Lubelskie, and 37 km south-west of the regional capital Lublin.", "airport    entity is a village in the Gmina of Chodel, Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland.", "city    entity is an arrondissement of France in the Maine-et-Loire department in the Pays de la Loire region. It has 27 communes. Its population is 70,805 , and its area is 1,295.5 km2 .", "city    entity is a French administrative division located in the department of Maine-et-Loire and the Pays de la Loire region.", "city    entity is a village situated in entity municipality in Serbia.", "city    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Lapovo, district of \u0160umadija.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by English rock band Procol Harum, released the same week they began their U.S. tour, on 3 April 1971. The UK release was on 11 June 1971. It was guitarist Robin Trower's last recording with the group until The Prodigal Stranger . \"Song for a Dreamer\" is a tribute to late Jimi Hendrix from Trower, who was stunned by Hendrix's death in September 1970 at the age of 27.", "music    entity is Procol Harum's fifth album, released in 1971. Guitarist Robin Trower left the band after its release to pursue a solo career.", "city    entity is a district of Zhanjiang, which is located at the southwestern end of Guangdong province, People's Republic of China, facing Hainan to the south.", "city    entity is an administrative subdivision of Guangdong Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Zhanjiang.", "music    entity is a record label that was owned by Prince and run by Trevor Guy. \"NPG\" is short for New Power Generation. It was founded to release his music after Paisley Park Records was shut down by Warner Bros. Records in 1994. Though the 1994 compilation 1-800-NEW-FUNK featured several artists, entity never developed into a full label like Paisley Park did: instead, it exclusively released Prince's albums or side-projects.", "music    entity is a custom label created by musician Prince in 1993 to distribute his music and that of the artists he produces, independently of the major Warner Bros. with which he is then under contract. According to him, this curbed his professional freedom, in particular the rhythm of his publications. The acronym \u201cNPG\u201d corresponds to the initials of the group that has accompanied it since 1990, the New Power Generation.", "music    entity is an album by American rapper Kool G Rap, released on February 5, 2008 by Chinga Chang, Latchey and Koch Records. It was the first new solo release from Kool G Rap in six years, and its producers included DJ Premier, Marley Marl, Domingo, and Marks. KL of Screwball, D-Roc and Haylie Duff appeared as a guest vocalists.", "music    entity is Kool G Rap's fourth studio album, released on February 5, 2008.", "movie    entity was a Serbian film director and screenwriter, famous for his groundbreaking films of Yugoslav cinema in the late 1960s and early 1970s\u2014many of which belong to the Black Wave. Makavejev's most internationally successful film was the 1971 political satire W.R.: Mysteries of the Organism, which he both directed and wrote.", "movie    entity is a Yugoslav filmmaker born on October 13, 1932 in Belgrade. He is one of the main directors of Yugoslav Black Wave.", "actor    entity is a French actor best known for his dubbing and radio roles.", "actor    entity is a French actor. Particularly very active in dubbing, he is the regular French voice of Paul Dano, Channing Tatum, Jesse Eisenberg, Jay Baruchel, Jonah Hill and Adam Brody as well as one of the voices of Anton Yelchin, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Jamie Bell and Andrew Garfield. He is also known for being the voice of the character Titeuf in the animated series of the same name adapted from the comic strip but also a regular voice in Disney productions.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by English musician Sohn, released on 7 April 2014 by 4AD. In 2014 it was awarded a silver certification from the Independent Music Companies Association, which indicated sales of at least 20,000 copies throughout Europe.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by British producer Christopher Taylor, SOHN, released on April 8, 2014, on the 4AD label.", "actor    entity is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.", "actor    entity is a South Korean director and screenwriter born August 8, 1963 in Jeonju.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 1,589 inhabitants.", "war    entity is the fourth novel in the Temeraire alternate history/fantasy series by American author Naomi Novik. Set in Africa, the novel follows William Laurence and his dragon Temeraire's search for a cure to the disease that has paralyzed the dragon community. Novik visited southern Africa in search of places in the fourth novel. entity was released in paperback in North America by Del Ray on September 25, 2007. The British hardcover edition was published by Voyager on November 5, 2007.", "war    entity is a novel written by Naomi Novik, published in 2007 and translated into French in 2008. It is the fourth volume in the series of T\u00e9m\u00e9raire fantasy novels.", "music    entity is the second album by popular French singer Vanessa Paradis. It was released in France in 1990, and contains the hit singles \"Tandem\" and \"Dis-lui toi que je t'aime\".", "music    entity is the title of Vanessa Paradis' second album. It is entirely written by Serge Gainsbourg and composed by Franck Langolff, apart from a cover by Lou Reed: Walk on the Wild Side. In France, the album was certified gold on June 7, 1990, then double gold on November 22, and finally platinum on August 23, 1996.", "music    entity is an American independent record label based in Nashville, Tennessee founded by rapper Young Buck. Initially founded as a southern branch of 50 Cent's G-Unit Records, the label became \"entity\" in late 2007 after a dispute between 50 Cent and Young Buck led to Buck being banned from using the G-Unit logo or name to distribute his music. The label has signed such acts as The Outlawz, C-Bo, Lil Scrappy, D4L and more.", "music    entity is an independent American music label, founded by Young Buck. The label is distributed by RED Distribution, owned by Sony BMG Music Entertainment.", "video game    entity is a 1999 platform video game developed by Ubi Pictures and published by Ubi Soft for the Nintendo 64, Microsoft Windows, Sega Dreamcast and Sony PlayStation. An enhanced remake titled Rayman Revolution was developed by Ubi Soft Annecy for the PlayStation 2. An alternative remake known as Rayman 2 Forever was developed by Ubi Soft Milan for the Game Boy Color. The game centers on the character Rayman, who is tasked with saving the fantastical land of the Fairy Glade from an army of robotic pirates led by Admiral Razorbeard. Rayman 2 was critically acclaimed for its gameplay, graphics and accessibility.", "video game    entity is a platform video game in the Rayman series, developed and published by Ubisoft. It was released on Nintendo 64 and PC for the holiday season of 1999, on Dreamcast in February 2000 and then in September 2000 on PlayStation.", "war    entity is a 1997 American spy comedy film directed by Jay Roach. It is the first installment in the Austin Powers series. It stars franchise co-producer and writer Mike Myers, playing the roles of Austin Powers and Dr. Evil, Powers' arch-enemy. Supporting roles are played by Elizabeth Hurley, Robert Wagner, Seth Green, and Michael York. The film is a parody of the James Bond films and other popular culture from the 1960s. In the years following Austin Powers in Goldmember, Myers has discussed the possibility of a fourth film.", "war    entity is a 1997 American film by Jay Roach. It is the first installment in the entity film series. With Mike Myers, interpreter of the two main roles, it tells the story of entity, a fashion photographer by day and secret agent by night, who travels in time in order to pursue his sworn enemy, Doctor Hell.", "music    entity is the 5th British and 7th American studio album by the English rock band the Rolling Stones, released on 20 January 1967 in the UK and on 11 February in the US as the follow-up to Aftermath. It reflected the Stones' brief foray into psychedelia and baroque pop balladry during the era.", "music    entity is an album by the Rolling Stones released in early 1967. Released on January 20 in the United Kingdom by Decca Records, it was released in the United States on February 11 by London Records with different songs.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Loire department in central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Loire department in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "music    entity is a song by the British rock band Queen. Written by Freddie Mercury in 1979, the track is included on their 1980 album The Game, and also appears on the band's compilation album Greatest Hits in 1981. The song peaked at number two in the UK Singles Chart in 1979, becoming the group's first number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 in the US in 1980, remaining there for four consecutive weeks. It topped the Australian ARIA Charts for seven weeks. It was the band's final single release of the 1970s.", "music    entity is a song by British band Queen, written by Freddie Mercury. Taken from the album The Game, it was released as a single in October 1979, and reached number one on the US charts, and number two on the UK charts.", "music    entity is the 12th single by Mika Nakashima, and was used as the ending theme for the NHK anime Hi no Tori. It reached #9 on the Oricon weekly charts and sold roughly 40,000 copies.", "music    entity is the 12th single by Mika Nakashima released by Sony Music Associated Records on June 2, 2004 in Japan. It reached No. 3 on the Oricon chart for a total of 40,000 copies sold. entity was used as the end credits music of the anime entity, which aired on NHK. It is on the MUSIC album.", "music    entity is the third single by Aliz\u00e9e released in April 2001. It featured an instrumental rendition of the song in addition to Aliz\u00e9e's solo rendering.", "music    entity is the third single from French singer Aliz\u00e9e, released in April 2001. The song included an instrumental rendition of the song in addition to Aliz\u00e9e's solo rendition.", "movie    entity is a French film director and screenwriter. His third directed film, La Vie en rose, was one of the only French cinema films to win two Academy Awards, including the first acting Oscar in the French language.", "movie    entity is a French director and screenwriter.", "city    entity is a city in Lane County, Oregon, United States. Its population was 9,686 at the 2010 census. It is the third largest city in Lane County. It is on Interstate 5, Oregon Route 99, and the main Willamette Valley line of the CORP railroad.", "city    entity is an American city located in the State of Oregon and in the county of Lane.", "music    entity is a song by American hard rock band Alter Bridge. Written by lead guitarist Mark Tremonti and lead vocalist Myles Kennedy, it was produced by Michael \"Elvis\" Baskette and featured on the band's 2007 second studio album Blackbird. The track was released as the second single from the album on January 14, 2008, peaking at number 19 on the US Billboard Mainstream Rock Songs chart. An alternate version of the track featuring additional vocals by Lacuna Coil singer Cristina Scabbia was also later made available as a digital download.", "music    entity is Alter Bridge's fifth single, released in 2008.", "music    entity is a Canadian electronic musician and sound artist. He has become known internationally for experimental ambient recordings released under his own name, such as Harmony in Ultraviolet and Ravedeath, 1972 . He has released nine albums and a number of EPs in addition to collaborations with artists such as Ben Frost, J\u00f3hann J\u00f3hannsson, Daniel Lopatin, and Aidan Baker.", "music    entity is an electronic music artist born in 1974 and originally from Montreal, Quebec. His style oscillates mainly between ambient and electronica.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina \u0141omazy, within Bia\u0142a Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres north of \u0141omazy, 8 km south of Bia\u0142a Podlaska, and 89 km north-east of the regional capital Lublin.", "airport    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of \u0141omazy in Bia\u0142a Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "music    entity is a song by the American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released on August 28, 1988, as the first single from their fourth studio album, ...And Justice for All . The song debuted at a live performance prior to the release of ...And Justice for All while the band was on the summer Monsters of Rock Tour in 1988 with Van Halen, Scorpions, Dokken and Kingdom Come.", "music    entity is the sixth track from the album ...And Justice for All and lasts 5 min 42 (the shortest song on the album after Dyer's eve; it was also one of the singles from the album released before One , but only in the UK.", "music    entity is the debut album by the American punk rock band NOFX. It was originally released in 1988 through Wassail Records, which was Fat Mike's label before Fat Wreck Chords. Brett Gurewitz produced the record, and even offered to release it on his label, Epitaph Records. The band decided to self-release it instead. It was re-released through Epitaph Records in 1991 with all new artwork. The title is a spoonerism of \"animal liberation\" and the cover artwork is a reflection of that. Bassist/Singer, Fat Mike has stated many times that he thinks it's the worst NOFX album. He wrote the majority of the album on a guitar he bought from Lynn Strait of Snot. The track \"Shut Up Already\" features a short cover of the Led Zeppelin song \"Black Dog\". It is the only full length album by NOFX", "music    entity is NOFX's debut studio album. The Maximum Rock and Roll disc, which contains older recordings, is indeed only an edition of the Mystic Records label released after the success of the group, without the opinion of the musicians. The title of this album is a counterpart of Animal Liberation, as would later be done for the Punk in Drublic album.", "music    entity is the eighth solo studio album by American rapper Z-Ro. It was released on February 24, 2004 through Rap-A-Lot 4 Life/J. Prince Entertainment with distribution via Asylum Records. Recording sessions took place at Dean's List House Of Hits in New York City, at Noddfactor Studios in Denton, and at M.A.D. Studios in Houston. Production was handled by Mike Dean, Mr. Lee, Bigg Tyme, Sean \"Solo\" Jemison and Tone Capone. It features guest appearances from Trae tha Truth, Scarface and Tanya Herron. The album peaked at number 170 on the Billboard 200 in the United States.", "music    entity is Z-Ro's eighth studio album, released on February 24, 2004. The album ranked #6 on the Top Heatseekers, #27 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and #170 on the Billboard 200.", "school    entity is a public research university located in Strasbourg, Alsace, France, with over 52,000 students and 3,300 researchers. The French university traces its history to the earlier German-language Universit\u00e4t Stra\u00dfburg, which was founded in 1538, and was divided in the 1970s into three separate institutions: Louis Pasteur University, Marc Bloch University, and Robert Schuman University. On 1 January 2009, the fusion of these three universities reconstituted a united University of Strasbourg. With as many as 19 Nobel laureates, and two Fields Medal winners, the university is ranked among the best in the League of European Research Universities.", "school    entity is a French university located in Strasbourg in Alsace. Its origin dates back to the creation of the Jean-Sturm Gymnasium in 1538. The Gymnasium was promoted to the rank of Academy in 1566, under Emperor Maximilian II, then became a university in 1621, under Emperor Ferdinand II. The university came under the control of the Kingdom of France in 1681 at the same time as the city of Strasbourg.", "video game    entity is a genre of flight simulator video games that lets players experience space flight to varying degrees of realism. Common mechanics include space exploration, space trade and space combat.", "video game    entity is a genre of video games related to flight simulators that allows players to experience spaceflight. Due to their complexity, and the fact that they are aimed at a very limited group of users, these Simulators are less common than flight simulators and have had a limited presence in the home-use software market.", "actor    entity was an American film and television director known for social dramas and action/suspense films. Among his credits were Birdman of Alcatraz , The Manchurian Candidate , Seven Days in May , The Train , Seconds , Grand Prix , French Connection II , Black Sunday , Ronin , and Reindeer Games .", "actor    entity was an American director.", "actor    entity was a Chinese polymathic scientist and statesman who lived during the Han dynasty. Educated in the capital cities of Luoyang and Chang'an, he achieved success as an astronomer, mathematician, seismologist, hydraulic engineer, inventor, geographer, cartographer, ethnographer, artist, poet, philosopher, politician, and literary scholar.", "actor    entity was a Chinese astronomer, mathematician, inventor, geographer, cartographer, artist, poet, statesman, and literary scholar from Nanyang, Henan. He lived during the Eastern Han dynasty. He was educated in the capitals of Luoyang and Chang'an, and began his career as a minor civilian servant in Nanyang.", "war    entity is a 1979 English-language romantic period drama film, based on the manga The Rose of Versailles by Riyoko Ikeda. The film was written and directed by Jacques Demy, with music composed by his regular collaborator Michel Legrand. The French-Japanese co-production was produced by Mataichiro Yamamoto for Kitty Films, Nippon TV, and Toho, and was filmed on location in France.", "war    entity is a Franco-Japanese film directed in 1978 by Jacques Demy, and released in theaters in 1979. It is the film adaptation of a successful Japanese comic strip, the Rose of Versailles, published from 1972.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kiernozia, within \u0141owicz County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Kiernozia, \u0141owicz County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "music    entity is the third studio album by Trinidadian-born rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on December 15, 2014, by Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records and Republic Records. Minaj co-executive-produced the album alongside Birdman, Lil Wayne and Ronald Williams, and the assistance of a variety of fellow producers. Looking to depart from the dance-pop elements of her second studio album, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded , entity is a follow-up record influenced by her traditional hip hop beginnings.", "music    entity is the third album by rapper Nicki Minaj which was released on December 15, 2014. It is, according to the rapper, her best album.", "actor    entity is a Vietnamese-born French film director and screenwriter.", "actor    entity is a French director of Vietnamese origin.", "movie    entity was an American film director, producer, and screenwriter of film and television who earned widespread acclaim. Originally beginning his career under B-movie producer Roger Corman, Demme made his directorial debut with the 1974 women-in-prison film Caged Heat, before becoming known for his casually humanist films such as Melvin and Howard , Swing Shift , Something Wild , and Married to the Mob . His direction of the 1991 psychological horror film The Silence of the Lambs won him the Academy Award for Best Director. His subsequent films earned similar acclaim, notably Philadelphia and Rachel Getting Married .", "movie    entity is an American director, producer and screenwriter, born February 22, 1944 in Long Island.", "competition    entity is a women's professional tennis tournament currently held in Rabat, Morocco. This WTA Tour event is classified as an International tournament and is played on outdoor clay courts. It is the only WTA tournament held in Africa.", "competition    entity is a women's tennis tournament on the WTA professional circuit and men's ATP World Tour which takes place every year on clay, during the spring.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lubusz Voivodeship, western Poland, on the German border. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is \u017bary, which lies 43 km south-west of Zielona G\u00f3ra and 123 km south of Gorz\u00f3w Wielkopolski. The county contains three other towns: Lubsko, lying 21 km north-west of \u017bary, Jasie\u0144, lying 16 km north-west of \u017bary, and \u0141\u0119knica, 30 km west of \u017bary.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Lubusz Voivodeship in western Poland.", "music    entity is a song by Irish rock band U2. It is the third track on their tenth studio album, All That You Can't Leave Behind , and was released as the album's third single on 25 June 2001. The song became the band's 16th number-one single in their native Ireland and their second number one in the Netherlands. It also topped the charts in Canada and reached the top 10 in Australia, Denmark, Finland, Italy, Norway, Scotland, Spain, and the United Kingdom. A different mix of the song, entitled the \"Tomb Raider mix\", was included on the soundtrack of the 2001 film Lara Croft: Tomb Raider. In 2002, entity won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal at the 44th Annual Grammy Awards ceremony. The song lent its namesake to the band's 2001 Elevation Tou", "music    entity is the third single from U2's All That You Can't Leave Behind album, released in 2000. The song won the 2001 Grammy Award for Best Rock Performance by a Group or Duo and gave its name to the entity Tour world tour. A version was recorded for the film Lara Croft: Tomb Raider and has a more hard rock sound than the original version featured on the album.", "music    entity is Procol Harum's fourth album, released in 1970. With the departure of organist Matthew Fisher and bassist David Knights and the addition of the remaining musicians' former bandmate bassist/organist Chris Copping from The Paramounts, Procol Harum was, for all intents and purposes, The Paramounts again in all but name. The purpose of bringing in Copping was to return some of the R&B sound to the band that they had with their previous incarnation.", "music    entity is the fourth album by Procol Harum, released in 1970, and the first with Chris Copping, who replaced organist Matthew Fisher and bassist Dave Knights.", "war    entity is a 1959 American-British mystery film based on the 1957 novel of the same name by Daphne du Maurier, and starring Alec Guinness, Nicole Maurey and Bette Davis.", "war    entity is a British film directed by Robert Hamer, released in 1959. It is an adaptation of the homonymous novel by Daphne du Maurier.", "music    entity is the 20th single by the Japanese girl idol group Berryz Kobo. It was released in Japan on June 3, 2009, and debuted at number 4 in the weekly Oricon singles chart. The song \"Seishun Bus Guide\" was used as an ending theme for the anime series Inazuma Eleven .", "music    entity is Berryz K\u014db\u014d's 20th single.", "language    entity is derived from the Latin words ingeniare and ingenium . The foundational qualifications of an engineer typically include a four-year bachelor's degree in an engineering discipline, or in some jurisdictions, a master's degree in an engineering discipline plus four to six years of peer-reviewed professional practice and passage of engineering board examinat", "language    entity is a professional engaged in the design, innovation and management of projects, the production and implementation of products, systems or services involving the resolution of complex technical problems.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Michael Jackson. It was released by Epic Records on November 9, 1987 as the third single from his seventh studio album Bad. It was written and composed by Jackson, and produced by Quincy Jones and Jackson. The song has been performed on all of Jackson's world concert tours as a solo artist, and was planned to have been performed during the This Is It concerts from 2009 to 2010. Notable live performances of the song by Jackson include a performance at the 30th Grammy Awards .", "music    entity is a song by Michael Jackson. It is the 3rd single from the album Bad released in 1987. It ranks No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, Hot Black Singles and Hot Dance Club Songs. With 35,000 copies sold, the single was awarded gold certification by the ARIA.", "music    entity is the second studio album released by An Cafe on November 29, 2006 in Japan and on May 21, 2007 in South Korea. A limited edition was released as well, containing an additional DVD with several music videos. The album which also Bou's last appearance in An Cafe, peaked at No. 33 on the Japanese albums chart.", "music    entity is the second album produced by An Cafe on November 29, 2006. A DVD accompanies the album.", "singer    entity is an American rapper and singer. He released his debut album, Show and Prove, in 2006, and signed to Warner Bros. Records in 2007. His Eurodance-influenced single \"Say Yeah\" received urban radio airplay, charting on the Rhythmic Top 40 and Hot Rap Tracks charts in 2008, becoming his first minor hit.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, singer-songwriter born September 8, 1987 in Minot, North Dakota. He released his first album, Show and Prove, in 2006, then signed with Warner Bros Records in 2007.", "mountain    entity is a 2,119-metre-high mountain in the eastern Kitzb\u00fchel Alps in Tyrol, Austria. The valley base for the Wildseeloder is Fieberbrunn in the . On its northern slopes is a ski area. The summit, which has no lifts up to it, is a popular ski touring destination in winter. West of the Wildseeloder is a lake, the Wildsee, in a cirque hollow. entityhaus stands on its shore. The easiest ascent to the Wildseeloder runs from Fieberbrunn to the north, over the L\u00e4rchfilzkogel past the Wildseeloderhaus.", "mountain    entity is a mountain that rises 2,118 m above sea level in the Kitzb\u00fchel Alps, Austria.", "music    entity is an album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, featuring Ustad Fateh Ali Khan and musicians from Pakistan released on the ECM label in 1992.", "music    entity is an album by Norwegian saxophonist Jan Garbarek, released in 1992 on the Edition of Contemporary Music label. It is a collaboration between Garbarek and Pakistani musicians, as well as with Manu Katch\u00e9 on drums. The disc was recorded in May 1990 by Jan Erik Kongshaug in Oslo.", "actor    entity was an American actor and writer.", "actor    entity was an American actor.", "war    entity is a 2011 American computer-animated martial arts comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the sequel to Kung Fu Panda and the second installment in the Kung Fu Panda franchise. Directed by Jennifer Yuh Nelson , the film stars Jack Black, Angelina Jolie, Dustin Hoffman, Seth Rogen, Lucy Liu, David Cross, James Hong, and Jackie Chan reprising their character roles from the first film, with Gary Oldman, Michelle Yeoh, Danny McBride, Dennis Haysbert, Jean-Claude Van Damme, and Victor Garber voicing new characters. In the film, Po and his allies travel to Gongmen City to stop a villainous peacock from conquering China, while also rediscovering Po's f", "war    entity is an American animated film directed by Jennifer Yuh Nelson and released in 2011. It is the sequel to Kung Fu Panda released in 2008.", "royal    entity is a member of the Saudi royal family.", "royal    entity is a prince of the Saudi royal family. He is the son of Princess Nouf Bint Abdullah bin Abdul Rehman al Saud and Prince Abdulaziz bin Salman Al Saud. Salman Al Saud, also called Prince Salman, was born in Riyadh on July 24, 1980. The Saudi royal family is one of the oldest in the world with very ancient origins. She comes from the Taghlib clan whose lineage dates back more than 1,600 years.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Puy-de-D\u00f4me department in Auvergne in central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Puy-de-D\u00f4me in the Auvergne region.", "music    entity is a sub-genre of gangsta rap that emerged from the West Coast scene in the late 1980s, the genre is heavily influenced by 1970s psychedelic funk sound of artists such as Parliament-Funkadelic.", "music    entity is a subgenre of hip-hop, originating from the West Coast of the United States, influenced by the Californian atmosphere and funk music. The producer and rapper Dr. Dre, in particular, will popularize this musical trend in the early 1990s, although it was invented by the group Above The Law, which consists of: KMG The Illustrator, Cold 187um DJ Total K- Oss and Go Mack.", "music    entity is 2012 studio album by German electronic music artist Boys Noize. It was named by Spin as one of the 20 best dance albums of 2012.", "music    entity is the third studio album by German electronic music producer Boys Noize. It was released on October 16, 2012.", "school    entity is an American animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions that first aired in 1985 and 1986. It debuted as part of the weekday/weekend morning programming block The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera. The series name is a play on the paw paw, a fruit cultivated by Native Americans and indigenous to North America, and a play on words with a bear's paw. Reruns of the show formerly aired on Cartoon Network and later Boomerang.", "school    entity is a 21-episode American animated television series created by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera for Warner Bros. Television and first broadcast on October 31, 1985.", "music    entity is a song by English rock musician John Lennon from his 1971 album of the same name. The best-selling single of his solo career, the lyrics encourage listeners to imagine a world of peace, without materialism, without borders separating nations and without religion. Shortly before his death, Lennon said that much of the song's lyrics and content came from his wife, Yoko Ono, and in 2017 the process to give Yoko co-writing credit , was already under way.", "music    entity is a song by John Lennon: it is the first track to appear on his 1971 album entity. Although credited only to Lennon, his wife Yoko Ono's contribution to the song has been widely acknowledged.", "music    entity is the second EP by English rock band Muse. Recorded in 1998 at Sawmills Studios with producer Paul Reeve, it was released on 11 January 1999 by Dangerous Records, limited to 999 hand-numbered copies. The EP features six tracks, five of which were released again later \u2013 \"Instant Messenger\" was featured as the B-side to the band's third single \"entity\", while four were re-recorded for the group's debut full-length album Showbiz.", "music    entity is the second Extended Play from English rock band Muse. This second EP was released on January 11, 1999 under Dangerous Records. 4 of the 5 songs - \"Muscle Museum\", \"Sober\", \"Uno\", and \"Unintended\" - were re-recorded for the Showbiz album.", "music    entity is the second album by the hip hop duo Das EFX. The album reached #20 on the Billboard 200 and is now out of print. The album achieved gold status.", "music    entity is Das EFX's second studio album, released on November 16, 1993.", "army    entity was a heavy cavalry regiment in the Consular, then Imperial Guard during the French Consulate and First French Empire respectively. They were the senior Old Guard cavalry regiment of the Imperial Guard and from 1806 were brigaded together with the Dragons de la Garde Imp\u00e9riale.", "army    entity was created in 1804. Their theoretical maximum strength was over 1,100 officers and enlisted men, commanded by a major general or by an experienced brigadier general.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Yvelines department in the \u00cele-de-France region in north-central France. It is approximately 35 kilometres from Paris. This city is famous for the Ch\u00e2teau de Pontchartrain.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Yvelines department in the \u00cele-de-France region.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by Cat Power, the stage name and eponymous band of American singer-songwriter Chan Marshall. All tracks on the album were written by Marshall, making it her first album not to include any cover songs. The Memphis Rhythm Band includes Roy Brewer, Teenie Hodges, Steve Potts, Dave Smith, Rick Steff, Doug Easley, Jim Spake, Scott Thompson and Susan Marshall. String arrangements were contributed by Harlan T. Bobo and Jonathan Kirkscey.", "music    entity is an album by Chan Marshall alias Cat Power released in 2006. Contrary to what its title suggests, this album is not a compilation. He is registered in Memphis.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 18 March 2012 as the opening round of the 2012 Formula One season. It was the 77th race in the combined history of the Australian Grand Prix that dates back to the 100 Miles Road Race of 1928, and the 17th time the event has been held at the Melbourne Grand Prix Circuit at Albert Park.", "competition    entity is the 859th round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950. It is the twenty-eighth edition of the Australian Grand Prix counting for the Formula 1 world championship, the seventeenth being held in Melbourne.", "broadcast    entity is a private newspaper published in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. It appears in both English and Amharic, and is owned by the Media Communications Centre. The editor in chief and founder of the newspaper is Amare Aragawi.", "broadcast    entity is an Ethiopian private bi-weekly newspaper published in Amharic and English. It is owned by the Media Communication Center company and is based in Addis Ababa.", "war    entity is a 1989 American historical war drama film directed by Edward Zwick about the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment, the Union Army's first African-American regiment in the American Civil War. It stars Matthew Broderick as Colonel Robert Gould Shaw, the regiment's commanding officer, and Denzel Washington, Cary Elwes, and Morgan Freeman as fictional members of the 54th. The screenplay by Kevin Jarre was based on the books Lay This Laurel by Lincoln Kirstein and One Gallant Rush by Peter Burchard, and the personal letters of Shaw. The film depicts the soldiers of the 54th from the formation of their regiment to their heroic actions at the Second Battle of Fort Wagner on July 18, 1863.", "war    entity is an American film directed by Edward Zwick, released on December 15, 1989 which tells the story of the volunteers of the 54th Regiment of Massachusetts during the American Civil War. The 54th was the first regiment made up entirely of African-American enlisted people in a northern state, although history has instead held the Buffalo Soldiers.", "music    entity is a song by the English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys, released as the second single from their third album Humbug. It was released on 16 November 2009. Like the previous single \"Crying Lightning\", the vinyl was made available in Oxfam shops. Alex Turner told Uncut magazine that he wrote this song, \"one morning, quite quickly.\" He added: \"There's something to be said for writing in the morning. At other points in the day you're a bit more defensive. I saw it as a challenge to write something in a major key, but that wasn't cheesy.\" It was originally written in the key of A major. In October 2013, it was sampled by the rapper Dom Kennedy for the song \"Pleeze\" on his album Get Home Safely.", "music    entity is the second single by indie rock band Arctic Monkeys from the album Humbug released on November 16, 2009. Like their previous single \"Crying Lightning\", the vinyl version is sold through Oxfam agencies.", "music    entity is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for her third studio album, Good Girl Gone Bad . It was released worldwide on September 7, 2007, as the album's fourth single. The song was written by Tawanna Dabney and its producers StarGate. Michael Jackson also received a songwriting credit for the sampling of the line \"Mama-say, mama-sa, ma-ma-ko-ssa\" from Jackson's 1983 single \"Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'\". Both Rihanna and Jackson were sued by Cameroonian musician Manu Dibango, who asserted that the hook originated in his 1972 song \"Soul Makossa\". entity is a dance track that features rhythmic devices used primarily in hip hop music.", "music    entity is a dance song by singer Rihanna, from her third album Good Girl Gone Bad released in 2007. In France it is the second single from the album while in other countries it is already the third, as in the United Kingdom where its release was preceded by the title Shut Up and Drive. Originally it was also to be the third US single, but eventually the song was only sent to radio stations and released for club play.", "government    entity is an Iranian communist party. Formed in 1941, with Soleiman Mirza Eskandari as its head, it had considerable influence in its early years and played an important role during Mohammad Mosaddegh's campaign to nationalize the Anglo-Persian Oil Company and his term as prime minister. The crackdown that followed the 1953 coup against Mosaddegh is said to have \"destroyed\" the party, although a remnant persisted. The party still exists, but has remained much weaker as a result of its banning in Iran and mass arrests by the Islamic Republic in 1982, as well as the executions of political prisoners in 1988.", "government    entity is an Iranian communist party founded in 1941. It had close relations with the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. It was a major political party in Iran before the purges that took place at the beginning of the existence of the Islamic Republic of Iran under the leadership of Khomeini.", "singer    entity was an American jazz pianist, composer, and arranger. Originating in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, Marmarosa became a professional musician in his mid-teens, and toured with several major big bands, including those led by Tommy Dorsey, Gene Krupa, and Artie Shaw into the mid-1940s. He moved to Los Angeles in 1945, where he became increasingly interested and involved in the emerging bebop scene. During his time on the West Coast, he recorded in small groups with leading bebop and swing musicians, including Howard McGhee, Charlie Parker, and Lester Young, as well as leading his own bands.", "singer    Born December 12, 1925 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, American pianist and composer Michael \"Dodo\" Marmarosa died of a heart attack on September 17, 2002.", "video game    entity is a video game in which players build and manage a virtual farm. It was developed by Maxis and released in 1993 as a spin-off of SimCity. The game included a teacher's guide to teaching with SimFarm with blackline masters to be photocopied for the class and a user manual. In 1996, SimFarm and several other Maxis simulation games were rereleased under the Maxis Collector Series, with greater compatibility with Windows 95 and differing box art, including the addition of Classics beneath the title.", "video game    entity is a management game published by Maxis. It is part of the series of Sims games.", "singer    entity is a Jamaican reggae and dancehall artist.", "singer    entity is a reggae and rub-a-dub singer.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9 in north-central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Yonne in the Burgundy region.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin. It is the opening track on the band's second album, Led Zeppelin II, and was released as a single in 1969 in several countries; as with other Led Zeppelin songs, no single was released in the United Kingdom. In the United States, it became their first hit and was certified gold. Parts of the song's lyrics were adapted from Willie Dixon's \"You Need Love\", recorded by Muddy Waters in 1962; originally uncredited to Dixon, a lawsuit in 1985 was settled with a payment to Dixon and credit on subsequent releases.", "music    entity is a song by British rock band Led Zeppelin. It was written by all the members of the group, based on a song by Willie Dixon. It opens the band's second album, Led Zeppelin II, released on October 22, 1969, and is also the band's second single. The single was released on November 7, 1969, along with Living Loving Maid.", "music    entity is a song by English rock musician Ringo Starr that was released as the lead single from his 1973 album Ringo. Starr co-wrote it with George Harrison, his former bandmate from the Beatles. Although they collaborated on other songs, it is the only one officially credited to the pair. A signature tune for Starr as a solo artist, entity was an international hit, topping singles charts in the United States, Canada and Australia, and receiving gold disc certification for US sales of 1 million. Music critics have similarly received the song favourably; Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic considers it to be \"among the very best post-Beatles songs by any of the Fab Four\".", "music    entity is a song by Ringo Starr written in collaboration with George Harrison and released on the Ringo album in 1973. It was also released as a single in April of that year in the United States and in October in the United Kingdom, featuring B side the song Down and Out. The single achieved great success reaching number 8 in the UK charts and becoming Ringo Starr's first number 1 in the United States.", "war    entity is a 1989 British comedy-fantasy film written and directed by Terry Jones. The film was inspired by Jones's children's book The Saga of entity , but the plot is completely different. Jones also appears in the film as King Arnulf.", "war    entity is a British film directed by Terry Jones, released in 1989.", "school    entity is a public research university in Leiden, Netherlands. Founded in 1575 by William, Prince of Orange as a reward to the city of Leiden for its defense against Spanish attacks during the Eighty Years' War, it is the oldest institution of higher education in the Netherlands, as well as one of the most reputed.", "school    entity is the oldest of the Dutch universities. Located in Leiden, it is very famous and was frequented by several members of the royal family of the Netherlands.", "city    entity is one of nine administrative districts of Southern and Eastern Serbia. It covers the southern part of Serbia, bordering the disputed territory of Kosovo, along with Bulgaria and North Macedonia. Its administrative center is the city of Vranje. The Vranjska Banja spa plays a part in this region, with its multi-medicinal thermal mineral waters.", "city    entity is an administrative subdivision of the R epublic of Serbia. At the 2011 census, it officially had a population of 158,717. The administrative center of the P\u010dinja district is the town of Vranje.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzydnik Du\u5076y, within Kra\u8263nik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately 6 kilometres south of Trzydnik Du\u5076y, 14 km south-west of Kra\u8263nik, and 58 km south-west of the regional capital Lublin.", "airport    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Trzydnik Du\u017cy in Kra\u015bnik County , Lublin Voivodeship in eastern Poland.", "actor    entity is an English actor. He is best known for portraying J.A.R.V.I.S. / Vision in the Marvel Cinematic Universe films Iron Man , Iron Man 2 , The Avengers , Iron Man 3 , Avengers: Age of Ultron , Captain America: Civil War , and Avengers: Infinity War . He also played the character in two Disney+ series: the miniseries WandaVision , where he was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited or Anthology Series or Movie, and the animated series What If...? .", "actor    entity is a British actor born May 27, 1971 in Harlesden.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, with a population of 187 inhabitants.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the town of Czarnk\u00f3w, which lies 61 kilometres north-west of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The county contains three other towns: Trzcianka, 18 km north of Czarnk\u00f3w, Krzy\u017c Wielkopolski, 38 km west of Czarnk\u00f3w, and Wiele\u0144, 27 km west of Czarnk\u00f3w.", "city    entity is a county town in the Greater Poland Voivodeship in central-western Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, following the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. of the powiat is the town of Czarnk\u00f3w, which lies 61 kilometers northwest of Pozna\u0144, capital of the Greater Poland Voivodeship.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in Tirol, Austria and Bavaria, Germany. \n* v \n* t \n* e", "mountain    entity is a mountain that rises 1,366 or 1,368 m above sea level in the Chiemgau Alps, on the border between Germany and Austria.", "war    entity is a 1979 German-Austrian film adaptation of the last section of the 1847\u20131850 novel The Vicomte of Bragelonne: Ten Years Later by Alexandre Dumas, p\u00e8re, which is itself based on the French legend of the Man in the Iron Mask. It was released in Europe with the alternative title Behind the Iron Mask. Olivia de Havilland made her final theatrical film role in a cameo appearance as the Queen Mother.", "war    entity is an Austrian-German adventure film directed by Ken Annakin, released in 1979. Based on the novel Le Vicomte de Bragelonne by Alexandre Dumas", "movie    entity is Alyssa Milano's third studio album, released May 21, 1991. The CD comes with a 24-page booklet of photographs packaged in a cardboard slipcase. The CD single for \"New Sensation\" includes a TV Mix version of the song which is a karaoke version with background vocals. The second single \"No secret\" was released exclusively in France in 1993, two years after the album's official release. The album peaked at #19 on the Japanese Oricon Albums Chart for a total of five weeks.", "movie    entity is the title of Alyssa Milano's fourth studio album, released May 21, 1991.", "city    entity is a consolidated city-parish located along the Mississippi River in the southeastern region of the U.S. state of Louisiana. With a tabulated population of 383,997 in 2020, it is the most populous city in Louisiana. Serving as a major port, New Orleans is considered an economic and commercial hub for the broader Gulf Coast region of the United States.", "city    entity is the largest city in the state of Louisiana, United States. With a population of 383,997 and 1,270,530 in its metropolitan area, according to the last official census of the United States Census Bureau, the city is located on the banks of the Mississippi, not far from its delta, on the southern banks from Lake Pontchartrain.", "music    entity is the eighth and final studio album by San Francisco rock band entity, released on Epic Records in 1989. Marty Balin, Paul Kantner, Grace Slick, Jorma Kaukonen and Jack Casady all returned for the album and supporting tour, though Spencer Dryden did not participate. The album and accompanying tour would mark the last time entity would perform together until their 1996 induction to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.", "music    entity is the last studio album by the San Francisco band entity, released in 1989, when they reunited briefly with all members of the band's \"classic\" incarnation except drummer Spencer Dryden.", "war    entity was the largest battle of the Franco-Prussian War. Named after Gravelotte, a village in Lorraine, it was fought about 6 miles west of Metz, where on the previous day, having intercepted the French army's retreat to the west at the Battle of Mars-La-Tour, the Prussians were now closing in to complete the destruction of the French forces.", "war    The Battle of Saint-Privat or, more rarely, Battle of Amanvillers - French names - or Battle of Gravelotte - German name - took place on August 18, 1870 during the Franco-Prussian War, about ten kilometers to the west of Metz.", "city    entity is a district of Zhaoqing, Guangdong province, People's Republic of China. Duanzhou is the urban center of Zhaoqing.", "city    entity is an administrative subdivision of Guangdong Province in China. It is under the jurisdiction of the prefectural city of Zhaoqing.", "city    entity is a municipality in the Surselva Region in the Swiss canton of Graub\u00fcnden. On 1 January 2018 the former municipalities of Andiast and Waltensburg/Vuorz merged into the municipality of entity. The name of the municipality comes from the word brigilo, meaning little town. The name comes from the village name in the two local languages. In Romansh the name is Breil Romansh: while in German it is Brigels German: .", "city    entity is a municipality in the canton of Graub\u00fcnden in Switzerland.", "actor    entity is a British developmental biologist. He is best known for his pioneering research in nuclear transplantation and cloning. He was awarded the Lasker Award in 2009. In 2012, he and Shinya Yamanaka were awarded the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine for the discovery that mature cells can be converted to stem cells.", "actor    entity is a British molecular biologist. He is co-recipient of the 2012 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Shinya Yamanaka.", "sportsman    entity was a Paraguayan football midfielder who played for Paraguay in the 1930 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Club Libertad. In Argentina, he played in Atlanta , and the fusion Atlanta-Argentinos Juniors in 1934.", "sportsman    entity was a Paraguayan international footballer, who played in midfield.", "music    entity is an American rock band from San Francisco, California, formed in 1979. Before settling on the current name in July 1983, the band performed under the names Sharp Young Men and later Faith No Man. Bassist Billy Gould, keyboardist/rhythm guitarist Roddy Bottum and drummer Mike Bordin are the longest-remaining members of the band, having been involved since its inception. The band underwent several early lineup changes, and some major changes later. The current lineup of entity consists of Gould, Bordin, Bottum, lead guitarist Jon Hudson, and vocalist/lyricist Mike Patton.", "music    entity is an American rock band formed in 1982 in San Francisco. Their musical style combines various elements: heavy metal, funk, hardcore punk, progressive rock, soul, hip-hop, easy-listening and even jazz. entity disbanded in 1998 but reformed in 2009.", "music    entity are an American musical group originally from Cincinnati, Ohio, that started as a vocal trio consisting of brothers O'Kelly Isley Jr., Rudolph Isley and Ronald Isley in the 1950s. With a career spanning over eight decades, the group has enjoyed one of the \"longest, most influential, and most diverse careers in the pantheon of popular music\".", "music    entity are an African-American musical group, active since the early 1950s. Since their first recordings in 1955, the Isley Brothers have continued to remain active in various repertoires such as gospel, doo-wop, R&B, soul, funk, rock 'n' roll and disco. The group has the record of having placed a title in the Billboard Top 100 at least once per decade between the 1950s and the 2000s.", "sports team    entity is a Spanish professional football club based in Vigo, Galicia, that competes in La Liga, the top tier of Spanish football. Nicknamed Os Celestes , the club was founded on 1923 as Club Celta, following the merger of two Vigo-based teams. The club's home stadium is Bala\u00eddos, which seats 29,000 spectators.", "sports team    entity is a Spanish football club based in Vigo. Although it has 46 seasons in the Spanish first division in 2010, the club has never won a major trophy. The club is currently chaired by Carlos Mouri\u00f1o.", "sports team    entity was a North American mid-level minor professional ice hockey league which operated from 1992 until 2014. It was founded by Ray Miron and Bill Levins and later sold to Global Entertainment Corporation, which operated the league from 2000 to 2013, at which point it was purchased by the individual franchise owners. As of the end of its final season in 2014, three of the 30 National Hockey League teams had affiliations with the CHL: the Dallas Stars, Minnesota Wild, and Tampa Bay Lightning.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey league that has existed since 1992.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9 in eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sa\u00f4ne-et-Loire in the Burgundy region.", "music    entity is the second studio album by singer Mika. It was released on 21 September 2009, under Casablanca/Universal Republic in the United States and Island in the United Kingdom.", "music    entity is Mika's second album, released on September 18, 2009. It was originally to be called We Are Golden. This album deals with the artist's adolescence. The first single to be released is We Are Golden, the second single is Blame It on the Girls and the third single is Rain. The album is also available in Deluxe Edition.", "city    entity is the capital of the U.S. state of Wisconsin and the seat of Dane County. As of the 2020 census the population was 269,840 which made it the second-largest city in Wisconsin by population, after Milwaukee, and the 80th-largest in the United States. The city forms the core of the entity Metropolitan Area which includes Dane County and neighboring Iowa, Green, and Columbia counties for a population of 680,796. entity is named for American Founding Father and President James entity. The city is located on the traditional land of the Ho-Chunk, and the entity area is known as Dejope, meaning \"four lakes\", or Taychopera, meaning \"land of the four lakes\", in the Ho-Chunk language.", "city    entity is the capital of the state of Wisconsin, United States. According to a 2011 estimate, its population was 236,901, which placed it second in the state behind Milwaukee and 82nd in the United States. Seat of Dane County, Madison is located 235 km northwest of Chicago. The city is the seat of the University of Wisconsin.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Demi Lovato. It was released as the lead single from their fifth studio album Confident on July 1, 2015, by Hollywood Records and Island Records, and premiered on radio on the same date via Republic Records. Lovato co-wrote entity with Alexander Erik Kronlund, Savan Kotecha, and the song's producers Max Martin and Ali Payami. It has been described as a pop rock and electropop song which features an electronic instrumental arrangement with a synthesized beat, and an electric-guitar riff is heard during the chorus.", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Demi Lovato released on July 1, 2015 by Safehouse Records, Island Records, Hollywood Records and Republic Records and is the lead single from her fifth studio album, Confident. It was written by Lovato herself, Demi Lovato, Ali Payami, Alexander Erik Kronlund, Savan Kotecha and Max Martin and produced by Max Martin and Ali Payami.", "movie    entity was a Russian cameraman of higher category , film director, producer, screenwriter and author who worked during the Soviet Era. He was a Meritorious Artist of Russia .", "movie    entity is a Soviet-era Russian science fiction director, screenwriter and writer who helped make visionary science fiction films and documentaries as one of the pioneers of special effects.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Moselle in the Lorraine region.", "war    entity is a novel by Ivorian author Ahmadou Kourouma. It won the Grand prix litt\u8305raire d'Afrique noire in 1990. \n* v \n* t \n* e \n* v \n* t \n* e", "war    entity is a novel by Ahmadou Kourouma published in January 1990 by Editions du Seuil.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Allier department in Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes in central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Allier in the Auvergne region.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Tutin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 93 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the municipality of Tutin, Ra\u0161ka district. At the 2011 census, it had 70 inhabitants.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wa\u0142cz, within Wa\u0142cz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It lies approximately 15 kilometres north-west of Wa\u0142cz and 117 km east of the regional capital Szczecin. The village has a population of 100.", "airport    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Wa \u0142 cz, in the powiat of Wa \u0142 cz, in the voivodship of West Pomerania .", "school    entity is an American animated television series created by Peter Hannan for Nickelodeon. The series follows the life of yellow conjoined brothers of different species, with one half of the resultant animal being a cat and the other a dog. Nickelodeon produced the series from Burbank, California. The first episode aired on April 4, 1998, following the 1998 Kids' Choice Awards, before the show officially premiered in October of that year. Similarly, the Season 2 episode \"Fetch\" was shown in theaters with The Rugrats Movie in 1998 before airing on television.", "school    entity is an American animated television series in 134 episodes of 23 minutes created by Peter Hannan and aired between April 4, 1998 and June 15, 2005 on Nickelodeon. An excerpt from the series was also shown in cinemas in Les Rugrats, le film.", "music    entity is a song by South Korean musician Psy, featuring CL of 2NE1. It was originally slated for release in 2014; however, the release of the song was pushed back to December 1, 2015, in order to make further improvements. It was made available to digital outlets through YG Entertainment as the lead single of his sixth studio album Chiljip Psy-da . It samples hooks derived from will.i.am's 2007 song \"I Got It from My Mama\". An accompanying music video for entity was posted to his YouTube channel in conjunction with the single's release, and became his third music video to surpass 500 million views on the platform in June 2020.", "music    entity is the 21 single from South Korean singer Psy, released on November 30, 2015 as the fourth track from his seventh studio album, titled Chiljip Psy-da. It includes some lyrics interpreted by the singer CL of the group 2NE1. The main part of the chorus is inspired by the song I Got It From My Mama by American rapper will.i.am.", "competition    entity was the tenth race of the 2010 Formula One season. On 7 December 2009, it was confirmed that the race would take place at Silverstone for the next seventeen years after the failure of Donington Park to raise the necessary funds to hold the race. The event was staged on 11 July, the same day as the 2010 FIFA World Cup final .The race was won by Red Bull driver Mark Webber, taking his third victory of the season.", "competition    entity is the sixty-first edition of the Grand Prix, the 830th round of the Formula One World Championship run since 1950 and the tenth round of the 2010 championship.", "city    entity is the regional capital of Campania and the third-largest city of Italy, after Rome and Milan, with a population of 967,069 within the city's administrative limits as of 2017. Its province-level municipality is the third-most populous metropolitan city in Italy with a population of 3,115,320 residents, and its metropolitan area stretches beyond the boundaries of the city wall for approximately 20 miles.", "city    entity is a city in Italy, capital of the homonymous province and of the Campania region. With 989,553 inhabitants in 2014, it is the third Italian municipality for its population, after Rome and Milan.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Ostr\u00f3da, which lies 37 kilometres west of the regional capital Olsztyn. The county contains three other towns: Mor\u0105g, 25 km north of Ostr\u00f3da, Mi\u0142akowo, 34 km north of Ostr\u00f3da, and Mi\u0142om\u0142yn, 12 km north-west of Ostr\u00f3da.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship in Poland.", "body of water    entity is a concrete arch-gravity dam at the entrance of the Longyangxia canyon on the Yellow River in Gonghe County, Qinghai Province, China. The dam is 178 metres tall and was built for the purposes of hydroelectric power generation, irrigation, ice control and flood control. The dam supports a 1,280 MW power station with 4 x 320 MW generators that can operate at a maximum capacity of 1400 MW. Controlling ice, the dam controls downstream releases to reservoirs lower in the river, allowing them to generate more power instead of mitigating ice. Water in the dam's 24.7 billion m3 reservoir provides irrigation water for up to 1,000,000 hectares of land.", "body of water    entity is a dam in Qinghai, China on the Huang He. It is associated with a 1,200 MW hydroelectric plant. Its construction began in 1976 and ended in 1992. Energy portal Energy portal Water portal Water portal Building and public works portal Building and public works portal Water portal China Portal of China Portal of Tibet Portal of Tibet", "competition    entity is a Scottish retired professional boxer from Edinburgh and the former undisputed world lightweight champion.", "competition    entity is a British boxer born June 28, 1945 in Edinburgh, Scotland.", "competition    entity was the first time that the country had hosted the multi-sport event. Khalifa International Stadium was the main venue for the competition.", "competition    entity is the first time that these games have taken place in one of the Gulf countries.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Michael Jackson. It was written by Rod Temperton and produced by Quincy Jones. It was first offered to Karen Carpenter, while she was working on her first solo album, but she turned it down. It was released on November 3, 1979, by Epic Records as the second single from Jackson's fifth solo studio album Off the Wall . It was also the third number-one hit of the 1980s, a decade in which the pop singles chart would quickly be dominated by Jackson.", "music    entity is the second single from Michael Jackson's album Off the Wall. It ranked #1 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs.", "music    entity is the second studio album by English singer Lily Allen. It was released on 4 February 2009 by Regal Recordings and Parlophone. It was produced and co-written by Greg Kurstin, with whom Allen had previously worked on her debut studio album, Alright, Still . The album represents a departure from the ska and reggae influences of its predecessor, incorporating electropop with elements of jazz and country.", "music    entity is the second studio album by British singer-songwriter Lily Allen, discovered on MySpace. United States and Canada.", "singer    entity is an English singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer. A former reconnaissance officer in the Life Guards regiment of the British Army, he served under NATO during the 1999 Kosovo War. After leaving the military, he rose to fame in 2004 with the release of his debut album Back to Bedlam, achieving worldwide fame with the singles \"You're Beautiful\" and \"Goodbye My Lover\".", "singer    entity is a British singer-songwriter, guitarist and comedian, recognizable by his light tenor voice.", "music    entity is a song by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler, released on her 1988 album entity. The song is written by Kiss' rhythm guitarist and vocalist Paul Stanley, Desmond Child and Holly Knight. Although the song failed to chart , it has appeared on several compilations.", "music    entity is a song by Bonnie Tyler, from her seventh album entity. The song was written and composed by Kiss frontman Paul Stanley, producer Desmond Child and musician Holly Knight. entity was originally scheduled for Kiss Crazy Nights' 14th album and was rejected. The song did, however, appear on Kiss' 15th album in 1989, Hot in the Shade as the third track.", "music    entity is the seventh album by Jerry Lee Lewis released on the Smash label in 1967.", "music    entity is an album by Jerry Lee Lewis, recorded under the Smash Records label and released in 1967.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American post-hardcore band Fugazi, released on April 28, 1998 by Dischord Records. It was recorded at Inner Ear Studios from March 1997 to September 1997 and produced by the band and Don Zientara, and saw the band continuing with and expanding upon the in-studio experimentation of their previous album Red Medicine . Due to the title, rumors began circulating at the time that it was to be their last release.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American punk rock band Fugazi, released on April 28, 1998.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey team playing in the Danish ice hockey league, Metal Ligaen. The ice hockey team first appeared in 1967 as AaB Ice Hockey organized under Aalborg Boldspilklub. They play in the Danish national league and won the Danish league championship in 1981. In 1997 AaB Ishockey merged with a smaller club, IK Aalborg. The merged team was known as Aalborg Ishockey Klub in the period 1997\u20132003, but following financial instability in the club, the professional license was transferred to Aalborg Boldspilklub . The team is located in Aalborg in the northern part of Jutland and ceased operations at the end of the 2011/12 season, where it was put up for sale. In 2012 the team was bought by inve", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Aalborg, Denmark. He plays in AL-Bank league in the Danish elite.", "singer    entity is a volleyball player from Russia, playing as a setter. She was a member of the Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 2006 FIVB Women's World Championship.", "singer    entity is a Russian volleyball player born on December 13, 1985 in Chelyabinsk. She is 1.81m tall and plays as a setter. She has 61 caps for the Russian team. Her older sister Svetlana Sourtseva is also a volleyball player.", "language    entity was an American infielder, manager, and coach in Major League Baseball . Zimmer was involved in professional baseball from 1949 until his death, a span of 65 years, across 8 decades. Zimmer signed with the Brooklyn Dodgers as an amateur free agent in 1949. He played in the major leagues with the Dodgers , Chicago Cubs , New York Mets , Cincinnati Reds , and Washington Senators . Shortly thereafter came a stint with the Toei Flyers of Nippon Professional Baseball in 1966.", "language    entity was a baseball player and coach whose career spanned 66 years. from his first contract in 1949 with the Brooklyn Dodgers until his death in 2014. An infielder, Don Zimmer played in Major League Baseball from 1954 to 1965 for the Dodgers, first in Brooklyn and then in Los Angeles, as well as for the Chicago Cubs, the Mets", "city    entity is a village in the city of \u010ca\u010dak, Serbia. It is located in Central Serbian region of \u0160umadija. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 2,767 inhabitants. Excavations of pre-historic tumuli has been unearthed in the village.", "city    entity is a locality of Serbia located on the territory of the City of \u010c a \u010d ak , district of Moravica.", "city    entity is a city and the seat of entity Municipality, V\u00e4stra G\u00f6taland County, Sweden. It had 66,273 inhabitants in 2010.", "city    entity is a town of 66,273 inhabitants located in the County of V\u00e4stra G\u00f6taland and in the historical province of V\u00e4sterg\u00f6tland, Sweden, about 60 km from Gothenburg. It is the capital of the municipality of entity.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Loire department in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Loire department in the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region.", "school    entity is a learned society and the United Kingdom's national academy of sciences. Founded on 28 November 1660, it was granted a royal charter by King Charles II as The Royal Society. The society fulfils a number of roles: promoting science and its benefits, recognising excellence in science, supporting outstanding science, providing scientific advice for policy, fostering international and global co-operation, education and public engagement.", "school    entity is Royal Society of London for the Improvement of Natural Knowledge and which can literally be translated as \"Royal Society of London for the Improvement of Natural Knowledge\", is an institution founded in 1660 sitting at the Carlton House Terrace in London and intended for the promotion of science. This learned society is the equivalent of the Academy of Sciences in France. The Royal Irish Academy, founded in 1782, is affiliated with it.", "sportsman    entity is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder. He is the current sporting director of UD Ibiza. He spent most of his 19-year career with Almer\u00eda, totalling ten seasons in two different spells. In La Liga, where he also represented Zaragoza and Osasuna, he amassed totals of 229 games and 21 goals, adding the same amount of matches and 33 goals in Segunda Divisi\u00f3n. Over nine months and starting in 2016, Soriano also managed Almer\u00eda.", "sportsman    entity is a Spanish footballer born September 24, 1979 in Zaragoza, who plays as a defensive midfielder at UD Almer\u00eda in Spain.", "music    entity is the fifth single from American rock band Shinedown's fourth studio album, Amaryllis.", "music    entity is the eighteenth single from Shinedown and the fifth from their 2012 album Amaryllis.", "music    entity is a song written by George Harrison and Bob Dylan, released in 1970 as the opening track of Harrison's first post-Beatles solo album, All Things Must Pass. The pair wrote the song at Dylan's home in Bearsville, near Woodstock in upstate New York, in November 1968. Its creation occurred during a period when Harrison had outgrown his role in the Beatles and Dylan had withdrawn from the pressures of fame to raise a family. entity is recognised as a statement of friendship between the two musicians, whose meetings from 1964 onwards resulted in changes in musical direction for both Dylan and the Beatles. The song reflects the environment in which it was written, as Harrison's verses urge the shy and elusive Dylan to let down his guard, and the Dylan-compo", "music    entity is a song by George Harrison co-written with Bob Dylan in the fall of 1968, when the latter were invited by Albert Grossman to his house in Woodstock, in upstate New York. It is the opening song of Harrison's triple album, All Things Must Pass, released on November 30, 1970.", "city    entity is the capital of the U.S. state of South Carolina. With a population of 136,632 as of the 2020 U.S. Census, it is the second-largest city in South Carolina. The city serves as the county seat of Richland County, and a portion of the city extends into neighboring Lexington County. It is the center of the entity metropolitan statistical area, which had a population of 829,470 and is the 72nd-largest metropolitan statistical area in the nation. The name entity is a poetic term used for the United States, derived from the name of Christopher Columbus, who explored for the Spanish Crown. entity is often abbreviated as Cola, leading to its nickname as \"Soda City.\"", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of the state of South Carolina, United States. Covering 330.8 km2, the city had, according to the United States Census Bureau, 129,272 inhabitants at the 2010 census, within an agglomeration of 767,598 inhabitants. Located at the confluence of two main rivers, it is one of the popular destinations for kayaking and canoeing enthusiasts.", "city    entity is a municipality located in the province of C\u00e1ceres, Extremadura, Spain. According to the 2006 census , the municipality has a population of 477 inhabitants.", "city    entity is a municipality in Spain, in the province of C\u00e1ceres, autonomous community of Extremadura.Portal of Extremadura Portal of Extremadura", "singer    entity is a Canadian musician who was born in Quebec City, Quebec. She entered the Val d\u9225\u6a6dr conservatory at the age of six. She continued her studies at the Montr\u8305al conservatory and then at CEGEP Saint-Laurent and she wrote her first songs at the age of twelve. As one of Qu\u8305bec's pioneering female singer-songwriters, she proposed her personal repertoire over the course of her first four albums. She won six F\u8305lix prizes before the age of 25: breakout artist, best artist, best album, best song and, twice, songwriter of the year. Several of her songs have become SOCAN Classics and Si j\u9225\u6aed\ufe56ais un homme was inducted in the Canadian Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2017. She earned a MIDEM Award for her album Chim\u732bres and a Victoire Award for her album Faire \u813f nouveau con", "singer    entity is a Canadian singer and musician, born December 24, 1959 in Quebec.", "competition    entity is a racing game by Namco released in 2005. It was the sixth console game in the Ridge Racer series but unlike the previous mainline entries, which were released for PlayStation consoles, this entry was released exclusively for the Xbox 360. In a similar fashion to the first Ridge Racer on PS1, Ridge Racer V on PlayStation 2 and Ridge Racer on PlayStation Portable, entity was a console launch line up title.", "competition    entity is a racing video game developed and published by Namco in 2005 for Xbox 360. The game is part of the Ridge Racer series.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band The Who written by group bassist John Entwistle. The studio version , which appeared on the B-side of the live \"Summertime Blues\" single, is currently available only on the Thirty Years of Maximum R&B boxed set and Who's Missing, though several live versions of the song exist on official releases. The song was one of many Entwistle B-side singles and one of his live staples.", "music    entity is a song by British band The Who almost exclusively performed live. Written in the late 1960s by band bassist John Entwistle, it introduced every Who concert from 1968 to 1970.", "army    entity is a French military decoration, a version of the Croix de guerre created on 26 September 1939 to honour people who fought with the Allies against the Axis forces at any time during World War II.", "army    entity is a French military decoration intended to distinguish people, units, cities or institutions that have been the subject of a citation for an act of war during the Second World War.", "mountain    entity is a peak in the Swiss Alps towering above the village of Grindelwald. Formerly known as Hasle Jungfrau, it is one of three summits on a mountain named the \"Wetterh\u00f6rner\", the highest of which is the Mittelhorn and the lowest and most distant the Rosenhorn . The latter peaks are mostly hidden from view from Grindelwald. The Grosse Scheidegg Pass crosses the col to the north, between the Wetterhorn and the Schwarzhorn.", "mountain    entity is a summit of the Bernese Alps massif at an altitude of 3,692 m, in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is part of the small Wetterh\u00f6rner massif, made up of three summits of close situations and altitudes: the Wetterhorn itself said, which is most visible from Grindelwald, the Mittelhorn, which at 3,704 m is the highest, and the Rosenhorn.", "sportsman    entity is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for German team 1. FC N\u00fcrnberg. Born in Oslo, he was previously contracted to English club Manchester United, where he played for the reserve team. He joined Norwegian club Molde, then managed by former Manchester United striker Ole Gunnar Solskj\u00e6r, in July 2013 and made his professional debut the same year. He transferred to Cardiff City in January 2014, after Solskj\u00e6r had been hired as manager of the Welsh club.", "sportsman    entity is a Norwegian international footballer who plays as a midfielder at SC Freiburg.", "music    entity is the third live album recorded by the British rock band, the Kinks. It was recorded at Merriweather Post Pavilion, Columbia, Maryland, on 29 June 1987, and at Mann Music Center, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on 1 July; the second date provided most of the material on the album. One new song, \"The Road\", was recorded in the Kinks' own studio in September. Most of the concert songs were previously released on other Kinks albums except for \"The Road\" and \"It \".", "music    entity is a live album by the Kinks released in 1988. It comes from a concert given on July 1, 1987 at the Mann Music Center in Philadelphia, except for two titles: The Road, the first song, is an unreleased studio-recorded, and Lost and Found sourced in part from the June 29 concert at Columbia's Merriweather Post Pavilion.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. In spite of its name, the county does not include any part of the city of Warsaw proper.", "city    entity is a powiat belonging to the Mazovia Voivodeship in central-eastern Poland. The original Powiat has its administrative seat in Warsaw, but in 2006 its administrative seat was moved to the town of O \u017c ar \u00f3 w Mazowiecki, which is located 14 kilometers west of Warsaw .", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 12 kilometres east of Bielsk Podlaski and 40 km south of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok.", "airport    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Bielsk Podlaski, in the county of Bielsk Podlaski, in the voivodship of Podlasie.", "music    entity is the theme song of the 1973 James Bond film of the same name, performed by the British\u2013American rock band Wings. Written by English musician Paul McCartney and his wife Linda McCartney, it reunited McCartney with former Beatles producer George Martin, who produced the song and arranged the orchestra. McCartney was contacted to write the song by the film's producers Harry Saltzman and Albert R. Broccoli before the screenplay was finished. Wings recorded entity during the sessions for Red Rose Speedway in October 1972 at AIR Studios. It was also the first rock song to open a Bond film. Another version by B. J. Arnau also appears in the film.", "music    entity is the main theme song to the 1973 James Bond film entity, directed by Guy Hamilton. The song commissioned specifically for the film is credited to Paul McCartney and his wife Linda. The production brought McCartney together with Beatles producer George Martin, who produced and arranged the orchestral parts.", "music    entity is the third studio album by Electric Light Orchestra , and the first to be recorded without input from Roy Wood. It was released in the United States in November 1973 by United Artists Records, and in the United Kingdom on 14 December 1973 by Warner Bros. Records. From this album on, the word The was dropped from the band's name. The album was reissued on 12 September 2006.", "music    entity is the third album by Electric Light Orchestra, released in 1973. The album was released in two different covers. In the United Kingdom, it is a creation of Hipgnosis which was used: the face of Jeff Lynne floating in space, contained in a square, the Earth occupying the bottom of the cover.", "war    entity is an American superhero animated television series based on the Spider-Man comics published by Marvel Comics. The series featured writers such as Brian Michael Bendis , Paul Dini, and Man of Action .", "war    entity is an American animated television series created by the Marvel Animation studio and broadcast since April 1, 2012 on Disney XD, then on France 4. The series is written by Brian Bendis, Paul Dini and Man of Action. is adapted from Marvel comics characters and inspired by the entity series. In France, the series has been broadcast since July 7, 2012 on Disney XD.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, populated by 144 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the debut single written by OneRepublic frontman Ryan Tedder for OneRepublic's debut album Dreaming Out Loud. It was released as the lead single of that album. Timbaland remixed the song for his second studio album, Shock Value . This version, also produced by Greg Wells, included an extra line of percussion, new backing vocals, and added sound samples, in addition to sound mixing and a few other minor changes. The guitar solo after the second verse was omitted. The song was the biggest radio airplay hit in the history of the Mainstream Top 40 chart in North America, with 10,394 plays in one week, until its record was broken by Leona Lewis's \"Bleeding Love\", which was also co-written by Tedder. The song was a major hit interna", "music    entity is a song written by OneRepublic's Ryan Tedder for their debut album, Dreaming Out Loud, released in 2007. According to the band's MySpace site, the song \"explores the personal pain of multiple relationships going awry and the need to leave.\"", "music    entity was released on 19 March 2007 and reached number 4 in the UK Albums Chart. The album was later certified Gold. Their second album, titled Common Dreads, was released on 15 June 2009 and peaked at number 16. Their third studio album A Flash Flood of Colour was released on 16 January 2012 and debuted at number 4. Their fourth studio album The Mindsweep was released on 19 January 2015 to critical acclaim.", "music    entity is the third EP by English post-hardcore band Enter Shikari, released in 2004 and self-produced, then remastered in 2005. It was sold during concerts or on their website. songs are then recorded again for the album Take to the Skies.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by rapper Tech N9ne, and the first release in the \"Collabos\" series.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by rapper Tech N9ne, released on July 17, 2007, and the first in the Collabos series.", "mountain    entity is a summit in the Gasherbrum massif of the Baltoro Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram on the border between Xinjiang, China and Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. It is situated between Gasherbrum II and IV. Gasherbrum III fails to meet a 500 metres topographic prominence cutoff to be an independent mountain; hence it can be considered a subpeak of Gasherbrum II.", "mountain    entity is the fifteenth highest peak in the world. It lies between Gasherbrum II and Gasherbrum IV in Gasherbrum located in Karakoram. entity was, in 1974, the highest mountain that had ever been climbed.", "war    entity is the sixth album by the British death metal band Bolt Thrower. It was recorded at Chapel Studios, Lincoln, England, December 1997 to January 1998. The album was produced by Bolt Thrower and Ewan Davis. It was released on Metal Blade Records in 1998. The cover painting is titled \"Contact \u2013 Wait Out\", which is also the first track on the next album, Honour \u2013 Valour \u2013 Pride. \"Powder Burns\" is a continuation of the song \"Embers\" from The IVth Crusade, and leads into \"The Killchain\" on Those Once Loyal.", "war    entity is the sixth studio album by British death metal band Bolt Thrower. Released in 1998, its entire title is actually entity Into the Killing Zone.", "actor    entity is an Italian-American actress, author, philanthropist, and model. The daughter of the Swedish actress Ingrid Bergman and the Italian film director Roberto Rossellini, she is noted for her successful tenure as a Lanc\u00f4me model, and for her roles in films such as Blue Velvet and Death Becomes Her . Rossellini received a Golden Globe Award nomination for her performance in Crime of the Century .", "actor    entity is an Italian-American actress.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Madonna for her second studio album of the same name . It was released on October 31, 1984, by Sire Records as the album's lead single. The song was written by Tom Kelly and Billy Steinberg, and produced by Nile Rodgers; Steinberg said that the song was inspired by his personal experiences of romance. entity was chosen for Madonna by Michael Ostin of Warner Bros. Records after listening to a demo sung by Kelly. Rodgers initially felt that the song did not have a sufficient hook, but subsequently changed his opinion after the song was stuck in his head.", "music    entity is a song by American artist Madonna which appears on her second album of the same name. The single was released on November 6, 1984 by Sire Records and is the first song on the album. She later appeared in the compilations The Immaculate Collection released in 1990 and Celebration released in 2009.", "music    entity is a song by British alternative rock band Placebo. It was released as the lead single from their fourth studio album, Sleeping with Ghosts , on 10 March 2003. The song is based on the novel Nineteen Eighty-Four by George Orwell. There are several references to it throughout the song, one of the most noticeable being the reference to 2 May - the date on which the two main characters, Winston and Julia, first spend the night together. In 2010, Utada covered the song on her first US Tour, Utada: In the Flesh 2010.", "music    entity is a song by rock band Placebo. It is the fifth track from the album Sleeping with Ghosts. It was produced as a single. The text speaks of the separation of a couple, of an ultimately mutual consent; which may come as a surprise from Placebo. Love once consumed, all that remains is to put an end to it and to say goodbye by evoking past happiness.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by English electronic rock band New Order. Released on 30 January 1989 by Factory Records, the album was partly recorded on the island of Ibiza, and incorporates Balearic beat and acid house influences into the group's dance-rock sound. The album was influenced by the then growing acid scene, and Sumner's experiences at Shoom in London. It was also New Order's final studio album to be released under Factory Records ; the label would declare bankruptcy in 1992 following a severe financial downturn caused primarily by the significant commercial failure of Happy Mondays' Yes Please!", "music    entity is New Order's fifth studio album, released in 1989.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Elliott Smith, and the final studio album released during his lifetime. It was recorded from 1998 to 2000 at numerous studios and released on April 18, 2000, through DreamWorks Records. Preceded by the singles \"Happiness\" and \"Son of Sam\", entity was Smith's second release on a major label.", "music    entity is the fifth album by singer-songwriter Elliott Smith, released in 2000 on the DreamWorks label. First titled Place Pigalle after the singer's stay in Paris - where he composed the song of the same name - The name of the album mainly refers to the skating figure known as \"figure eight\", where the skater traces an 8 with his skates.", "city    entity is one of nine administrative districts of Southern and Eastern Serbia. It expands in the south-eastern parts of Serbia. According to the 2011 census results, it has a population of 215,463 inhabitants. The administrative center of the district is the city of Leskovac.", "city    entity is an administrative subdivision of the Republic of Serbia. At the 2011 census, it had a population of 215,463. The administrative center of the Jablanica district is the town of Leskovac.", "war    entity is a French thriller film from 1958, directed by , written by Paul Andr\u8305ota, starring Jean Marais. The scenario was based on a novel of .", "war    entity is a French film directed by Claude Boissol, released in 1958.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Loir-et-Cher department, central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher in the Center region. Its inhabitants are the Cellettois.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Essonne department in \u00cele-de-France in northern France. Inhabitants of entity are known as Longipontains. From 1954 to 1962, the villa in entity owned by William and Noma Copley served as a social hub and a central gathering place in the postwar era for a community of Surrealists to reunite after their dispersal during the war. Among the artists who frequented the villa located at 27, rue du Docteur Darier were Man Ray, Henri Matisse, Marcel Duchamp, Roland Penrose, Lee Miller, and British architect Maxwell Fry.", "airport    entity is a French commune located twenty-five kilometers south-west of Paris in the Essonne department in the \u00cele-de-France region.", "music    entity was an American jazz tenor saxophonist. Nicknamed \"the Little Giant\" for his short stature and forceful playing, Griffin's career began in the mid-1940s and continued until the month of his death. A pioneering figure in hard bop, Griffin recorded prolifically as a bandleader in addition to stints with pianist Thelonious Monk, drummer Art Blakey, in partnership with fellow tenor Eddie \"Lockjaw\" Davis and as a member of the Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band after he moved to Europe in the 1960s. In 1995, Griffin was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Music from Berklee College of Music.", "music    entity is an American jazz saxophonist. He was the godfather of the Jazzellerault jazz festival, in Chatellerault, a town not far from the town where he had settled in Vienne, Poitou-Charentes.", "music    entity is a digital single by Shinedown, written for the 2010 film The Expendables. The song was released on iTunes on June 15, 2010, and to online retailers on June 21, 2010. It is the nineteenth track on the deluxe version of The Sound of Madness. The song was released to U.S. radio on December 7.", "music    entity is Shinedown's thirteenth single released in 2010.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Corse-du-Sud department of France on the island of Corsica.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Corse-du-Sud and the Corse region.", "music    entity is an American record label owned by Concord and based in Los Angeles, California. entity was launched in 1995 as an imprint designed to reach beyond the company's foundational Concord Jazz label. The label's artists have won 14 GRAMMY Awards and 88 GRAMMY nominations. The original logo, a stylized eighth note incorporating the C and J of \"Concord Jazz\", was created by Bay Area graphic designer Dan Buck, who also worked on several album covers for the company.", "music    entity is an American music label founded at the end of the 1960s. It is a subsidiary of the Concord Music Group.Blues portal Blues portal Jazz portal Jazz portal", "music    entity is a song recorded by American pop rock band OneRepublic for their third studio album, Native . It was released as the album's first official single on January 8, 2013. The song was written by Ryan Tedder, Benny Blanco, Brent Kutzle and Zach Filkins. It was produced by Tedder and Blanco while Kutzle served as the co-producer. The song peaked at number 74 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number 6 on the Media Control Charts in Germany. In early 2014, the single was re-released in the UK after the huge success of \"Counting Stars\".", "music    entity is a song by American rock band OneRepublic, taken from their third album Native and released as a single on January 28, 2013. On April 2, 2013, a remixed version of the single by Alesso was released.", "city    entity is the central and, after Dortmund, second-largest city of the Ruhr, the largest urban area in Germany. Its population of 582,415 makes it the fourth-largest city of North Rhine-Westphalia after Cologne, D\u00fcsseldorf and Dortmund, as well as the ninth-largest city of Germany. entity lies in the larger Rhine-Ruhr Metropolitan Region and is part of the cultural area Rhineland. Because of its central location in the Ruhr, entity is often regarded as the Ruhr's \"secret capital\". Two rivers flow through the city: in the north, the Emscher, the Ruhr area's central river, and in the south, the Ruhr River, which is dammed in entity to form the Lake Baldeney and Lake Kettwig reservoirs. The central and northern borou", "city    entity is a city located in the central part of the Ruhr basin in the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany. Its population is approximately 569,884 in 2013, making it one of the largest cities in Germany.", "music    entity is the fourth studio album by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz, released in 1995 by Virgin Records. It reached number 10 on the Billboard 200 and number 5 on the UK Albums Chart, becoming Kravitz's first top 10 album in the US and second in the UK.", "music    entity is the fourth album by Lenny Kravitz, released in 1995. It reached number ten on the Billboard 200 and number 5 on the UK Albums Chart. entity sold 534,000 units in the USA.", "mountain    entity was a Bolivian poet, novelist, and short story writer. Born in the city of La Paz, he lived his entire life there. The rough topography and harsh climate of this Andean city had a powerful effect on much of his work. His poetry, though individual to the point of being difficult to classify, bears some similarities with surrealist literature.", "mountain    entity was a Bolivian journalist, teacher and writer, above all known for his literary work as a novelist, storyteller and poet. of La Paz was his almost exclusive living environment, and its dark climate, a powerful source of inspiration, served as a backdrop for most of his works.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released on September 7, 1988 by Elektra Records. It was the first album following the death of bassist Cliff Burton in 1986, and the first to feature new bassist Jason Newsted. The album was reissued on November 2, 2018, in vinyl, CD, and cassette formats, as well as receiving a deluxe box set treatment with bonus tracks and unreleased video footage. The reissue reached number 37 and 42 on Billboard's Top Album Sales and Top Rock Albums charts, respectively.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by thrash metal band Metallica, released on August 25, 1988 by Elektra Records. health and death. This album was composed following the death of Cliff Burton who will be replaced by Jason Newsted, former bassist of the group Flotsam and Jetsam.", "war    entity was an English-American heavy metal band, assembled by vocalist Rob Halford after his departure from heavy metal band Judas Priest in 1992. He took with him drummer Scott Travis, though Travis also continued to drum for Judas Priest. The line-up was completed by Russ Parrish on guitar, Brian Tilse on guitar and keyboards, and Jack \"Jay Jay\" Brown on bass guitar, the latter of the two former members of Cyanide. In 2007, Halford's Metal God Entertainment label released War of Words \u2013 The Film on DVD.", "war    entity were a British heavy metal band founded in 1993.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales department in southern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called entityois.", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by the English rock band Blur, released on 5 May 2003. Continuing the jam-based studio constructions of the group's previous album, 13 , the album expanded on the use of sampled rhythm loops and brooding, heavy electronic sounds. There are also heavy influences from dance music, hip hop, dub, jazz, and African music, an indication of songwriter Damon Albarn's expanding musical interests.", "music    entity is Blur's seventh studio album, released May 6, 2003. It was recorded between Morocco and England. The cover was designed by graffiti artist Banksy. This latest opus marks an important musical turning point for the group, which it had already started with 13, and which it confirms with an atmosphere focused on \"World Music\" more than Britpop, this being especially due to the departure of the guitarist Graham Coxon, scrambled with the rest of the group because of his problems of alcohol.", "sportsman    entity is a Kenyan retired Middle-distance runner, who won the 800 m gold medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He also won at the World indoor Championships in Moscow 2006 the 800 metres title, defeating Mbulaeni Mulaudzi and Olympic Champion Yuriy Borzakovskiy in the course of the race.", "sportsman    entity is a Kenyan athlete specializing in the 800 meters. He measures 1.78 meters for 64 kilograms.", "music    entity is the seventh major release and first live album by German electronic music group Tangerine Dream. It was released, on the Virgin label, in 1975. It consists of two side-long compositions mixed from studio recordings and the UK portion of their August\u2013October 1975 European Tour. The sound of the album is similar to that of the group's other \"Virgin Years\" releases, relying heavily on synthesizers and sequencers to produce a dense, ambient soundscape, but is much more energetic than their previous works. entity uses more percussion and electric guitar than its predecessors Phaedra and Rubycon, and borders on electronic rock. The main innovation on the album is the use of complex, multi-layered rhythms, foreshadowing the band's own direction in the 1980s and trance music and simi", "music    entity is the first live album of the German group Tangerine Dream. Released in December 1975, it was made by editing several recordings taken during concerts in Great Britain and France.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held at the Montju\u00efc circuit on April 18, 1971. It was race 2 of 11 in both the 1971 World Championship of Drivers and the 1971 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. The 75-lap race was won by Tyrrell driver Jackie Stewart after he started from fourth position. Jacky Ickx finished second for the Ferrari team and Matra driver Chris Amon came in third.", "competition    Results of the 1971 Spanish Grand Prix, raced at the Montju\u00efc circuit on April 18, 1971.", "music    entity is an American record producer, DJ, songwriter, record executive, and actor. He is the recipient of the 2013 Hal David Starlight Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame. He is also a five-time BMI Songwriter of the Year award winner and 2017 iHeartRadio Producer of the Year award winner. Levin is also the founder of two labels in collaboration with Interscope Records, Mad Love Records and Friends Keep Secrets.", "music    entity is an American songwriter and music producer from Fairfax County, Virginia. He participated in the writing and production of the title Tik Tok which popularized the singer Kesha as well as I Kissed a Girl, California Gurls, Teenage Dream by Katy Perry, Dynamite by Taio Cruz, Circus by Britney Spears or She Doesn 't Mind by Sean Paul.", "war    entity is the seventh studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at The Abyss in December 2000 and released on March 5, 2001, by Regain Records. entity is the last Marduk album with Fredrik Andersson on drums. The Century Media release has different cover art, one found on T-shirts. The album's title is French for \"The Great Dance of Death\". The title track ends with a quote from Johan Olof Wallins poem \"Angel of Death\".", "war    entity is the seventh studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. The album was released on March 5, 2001 under the Century Media Records label. This album closes the trilogy of \"blood, war and death\", Marduk's vision of Black metal. The theme of the first part, Nightwing, was blood, that of the next, Panzer Division Marduk, was war and the theme of this one is therefore death. This is the last album of the band recorded with drummer Fredrik Andersson.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of Greece. Athens dominates the Attica region and is one of the world's oldest cities, with its recorded history spanning over 3,400 years and its earliest human presence starting somewhere between the 11th and 7th millennium BC.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of Greece. In 2011, it had 664,046 intramural inhabitants over an area of \u200b\u200b39 km2. Its urban area, Greater entity, which notably includes the port of Piraeus, has more than three million.", "music    entity is a song by American heavy metal band Slipknot. Produced by Ross Robinson, it was featured on the band's second studio album Iowa and released as the lead single from the album on October 29, 2001. The single reached number 30 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart, number 24 on the UK Singles Chart and number 5 on the UK Rock & Metal Singles Chart. It was also nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 2002.", "music    entity is a song by metal band Slipknot. The song is released as a single from their second album Iowa.", "singer    entity is regarded as a pioneer of alternative hip hop music.", "singer    entity is an American rap group, formed in 1985.", "singer    entity is an Italian ballet dancer, model, and actress. Between 2013 and 2021 she was \u00c9toile at the Paris Opera Ballet.", "singer    entity is an Italian dancer. She is a ballet star at the Paris Opera.", "sportsman    entity is an Icelandic football player, currently playing for Icelandic club Knattspyrnuf\u00e9lag Reykjav\u00edkur.", "sportsman    entity is an Icelandic footballer born on August 4, 1990. He plays as a left defender at IF Brommapojkarna, a Swedish club in the suburbs of Stockholm.", "music    http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayu-mi-x_4_+_Selection_Acoustic_Orchestra_Version", "music    entity is the 11th song remix album by Ayumi Hamasaki, from the Ayu-mi-x 4 series.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Ku\u010devo, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 135 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in Ku\u010devo Municipality, Brani\u010devo District . At the 2011 census, it had 102 inhabitants.", "competition    entity was a Canadian ice hockey forward. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Chapman started his National Hockey League career with the Boston Bruins in 1930. He would also play for the New York Americans, retiring after the 1940 season to take up coaching duties for the team. In 1938, he was a member of the NHL All-Star Team.", "competition    entity was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played as a center.", "video game    entity is a Japanese video game developer and publisher. The company has developed a number of traditional role-playing video games, but their latest releases have primarily been tactical RPG games. They have made games such as the Disgaea and Marl Kingdom tactical role-playing series, as well as La Pucelle: Tactics, Phantom Brave, Makai Kingdom: Chronicles of the Sacred Tome, and Soul Nomad & the World Eaters. The company has also published anime. Its corporate mascot is the Disgaea character Prinny.", "video game    entity is a Japanese video game developer and publisher founded in 1994 in Gifu Prefecture. Nippon Ichi means \"the best of Japan\" or \"Number 1 in Japan\" and is often abbreviated as \"N1\".", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Madonna as the title track for her eighth studio album . It was released as the lead single from the album on August 21, 2000, by Maverick and Warner Bros. Records. entity was inspired by a Sting concert Madonna attended and was written and produced by her with Mirwais Ahmadza\u00ef. It is a disco, electro-funk and dance-pop song in a static key of G minor. Madonna's vocals are electronically manipulated in the track, with the lyrics having political and social undertones and reiterating the uniting power of music.", "music    entity is the lead single from Madonna's album of the same name entity, released August 31, 2000 and re-released as a mash-up remix with the Trammps hit Disco Inferno in 2006 during the Confessions Tour. It uses a sample of the Daft Punk title Da Funk.", "music    entity is the second studio album by the Band, released on September 22, 1969. It is also known as The Brown Album. According to Rob Bowman's liner notes for the 2000 reissue, entity has been viewed as a concept album, with the songs focusing on people, places and traditions associated with an older version of Americana. Thus, the songs on this album draw on historic themes for \"The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down\", \"King Harvest \" and \"Jawbone\" .", "music    entity is an album by Canadian rock band entity released on September 22, 1969.", "language    entity is a Kam\u2013Sui language spoken by the Sui people of Guizhou province in China. According to Ethnologue, it was spoken by around 300,000 people in 2007. Sui is also unique for its rich inventory of consonants, with the Sandong dialect having as many as 70 consonants. The language also has its own script, known as \"Shuishu\" in Chinese, which is used for ritual purposes.", "language    entity is a Tai-Kadai language, of the Kam-Sui branch, spoken in the Sui Autonomous County of Sandu and some other counties of Guizhou Province in the People's Republic of China.", "music    entity is Yuki Uchida's second album, released in Japan on 21 September 1995 by King Records . It reached number three on the Oricon charts.", "music    entity is Yuki Uchida's second album, released on September 21, 1995 in Japan on King Records, just seven months after the release of her debut album, Junj\u014d Karen Otome Moy\u014d. It reached #3 on the Oricon chart, and remained ranked for five weeks. It contains ten songs, written by various artists, including Tetsuya Komuro and Tomoko Tane.", "sports team    entity is a German football club in D\u00fcsseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia. Founded in 1895, Fortuna entered the league in 1913 and was a fixture in the top flight from the early 1920s up to the creation of the Bundesliga in 1963. 2019\u201320 was their 25th season in the Bundesliga and the second in a row since getting promoted from the 2. Bundesliga in the 2017\u201318 season. Fortuna captured one German Championship and two German Cup-Wins . Their greatest feat in European Competions was a Cupwinners Cup Final where they lost narrowly to famous FC Barcelona.", "sports team    entity is a German football club founded on May 5, 1895 and based in D\u00fcsseldorf. Playing at the Rheinstadion until 2002, it now has a modern 51,500-seat stadium, the Esprit arena. The D\u00fcsseldorf club play in the 2. Bundesliga, Germany's second football division, after being relegated from the Bundesliga in 2013.", "language    entity is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea near the border with Indonesian Papua. It is not being learned by children. Kilmeri is spoken around Ossima ward in Bewani-Wutung Onei Rural LLG, Sandaun Province. Speakers of Kilmeri refer to their own language as bo apulyo, meaning sound in the middle.", "language    entity is a Papuan language spoken in Papua New Guinea, in the province of West Sepik, north of the Bewani Mountains.", "music    entity is a compilation album comprising B-sides, remixes, and rare songs by the American third wave ska band No Doubt, first released on November 23, 2003 as disc three of No Doubt's box set, Boom Box, which also contained The Singles 1992\u20132003, The Videos 1992\u20132003 and Live in the Tragic Kingdom. entity was later released separately on October 12, 2004.", "music    entity is the third compilation album by American alternative rock band No Doubt, released in 2004.", "music    entity is a 1948 American biographical musical film loosely based on the creative partnership of the composer Richard Rodgers and lyricist Lorenz Hart. The film stars Mickey Rooney as Hart and Tom Drake as Rodgers, along with Janet Leigh, Betty Garrett, Ann Sothern and numerous musical stars. It was the second in a series of MGM biopics about Broadway composers; it was preceded by Till the Clouds Roll By and followed by Three Little Words and Deep in My Heart .", "music    entity is a Song is a 1948 American musical film by Norman Taurog . It is inspired by the life of composer Lorenz Hart.", "music    entity is a 1994 live album by the Kinks. Recorded partly at Konk Studios with a small audience, and partly during their 1993 American tour and the 1994 UK tour, it was the band's final release before their breakup in 1996.", "music    entity is a live album by The Kinks released in 1994. It consists of covers of the band's hits in acoustic format. The album was reissued in 1996 as a double album. Two tracks from the original album were omitted, but two previously unreleased tracks were added.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is \u0141uk\u00f3w, which lies 76 kilometres north of the regional capital Lublin. The only other town in the county is Stoczek \u0141ukowski, lying 30 km west of \u0141uk\u00f3w.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Lublin Voivodeship in southeastern Poland.", "singer    entity is an American record label owned by Sony Music Entertainment, a subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America, the North American division of Japanese conglomerate Sony. The label was founded predominantly as a jazz and classical music label in 1953, but later expanded its scope to include a more diverse range of genres, including pop, R&B, rock, and hip hop.", "singer    entity is an American music label, subsidiary of the Sony Music Entertainment group.", "singer    entity is an American rapper from Houston, Texas. He was named one of America's most underrated rappers by The New York Times in 2007.", "singer    entity is an American rapper.", "city    entity is GMT \u20135, and is in World Area Code region #238 . This airport is normally served by scheduled and charter airlines operating in the capital Port-au-Prince, and was opened in 2006 for travel to and from the capital and other destinations across the country.", "city    entity is located next to the Haitian city of Jacmel, capital of the Sud-Est department and approximately 40 km from the capital Port-au-Prince.", "video game    entity is a 2000 maze chase video game developed and published by Namco for the PlayStation. It was later released for the Nintendo 64, Dreamcast, and Game Boy Advance. A remake of Ms. Pac-Man , players control the titular character in her quest to stop a witch named Mesmerelda from stealing the Gems of Virtue. The game was well-received upon release, with critics applauding its simplicity and faithfulness to the arcade original.", "video game    entity is a maze video game released between 2000 and 2004 for PlayStation, Nintendo 64, Dreamcast and Game Boy Advance. The game was developed and published by Namco. He is part of the Pac-Man series.", "army    entity is a military decoration of the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps which was first created in 1919 and is presented to sailors and Marines to recognize distinguished and exceptionally meritorious service to the United States while serving in a duty or position of great responsibility.", "army    entity is a United States military decoration.", "stadium    entity is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice, within Piotrk\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres north of Gorzkowice, 20 km south of Piotrk\u00f3w Trybunalski, and 62 km south of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a.", "stadium    entity is a village in the Gmina of Gorzkowice, Piotrk\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "city    entity is a prefecture-level city located along the northeastern coast of Fujian province, People's Republic of China. It borders the provincial capital of Fuzhou to the south, Wenzhou to the north, and Nanping to the west. Ningde is listed No.2 in China Integrated City Index 2016's environmental ranking, a study conducted by the National Development and Reform Commission.", "city    entity is a city in northeast China's Fujian Province.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 587 inhabitants.", "body of water    entity is a tributary of the Missouri River, approximately 180 miles long, in western North Dakota, United States.", "body of water    entity is a tributary of the Missouri, approximately 290 km long, which crosses from east to west the State of North Dakota, in the United States, starting from Missouri towards the Rocky Mountains.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 8 June 2008 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was the 7th race of the 2008 Formula One season. The 70-lap race was won by Robert Kubica for the BMW Sauber team after starting from second position. Kubica\u2019s teammate Nick Heidfeld finished second with David Coulthard third in a Red Bull; taking the final podium of his F1 career. Lewis Hamilton, who started from pole position, failed to finish the race, retiring on lap 19 after crashing into the back of Kimi R\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen's Ferrari car in the pit lane.", "competition    entity is the seventh round of the 2008 Formula 1 championship and the 792nd race of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950. The event marks the 30th anniversary of the first Formula 1 Grand Prix organized on this circuit in 1978.", "competition    entity was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 18th edition of the Challenge Bell, and was part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2010 WTA Tour. It took place at the PEPS de l'Universit\u00e9 Laval in Quebec City, Canada, from September 13 through September 19, 2010.", "competition    entity is a women's professional tennis tournament. The 2010 edition, classified in the International category, takes place from September 13 to 19, 2010.", "music    entity is a 1958 album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, recorded for the Contemporary label, featuring performances by Rollins with Hampton Hawes, Barney Kessel, Leroy Vinnegar, and Shelly Manne with Victor Feldman added on one track. It was the last studio record Rollins made in the 1950s. Following the recording of \"entity\", Rollins toured Europe in the spring of 1959, then took a hiatus from recording and performing in public that ended in 1962 with his LP The Bridge.", "music    entity is an album by Sonny Rollins, recorded in October 1958, for the Contemporary Records label.", "music    entity are an American R&B/pop songwriting and record production team. They have enjoyed great success since the 1980s with various artists, most notably Janet Jackson. They have written 31 top ten hits in the UK and 41 in the US.", "music    entity are a duo of producers from the Flyte Tyme label. at the same time. In 1981, at Prince's instigation, Flyte Tyme became The Time group, including Morris Day and Jesse Johnson. Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis participated in the group's first two albums, which went gold.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Deux-S\u00e8vres department in western France.", "airport    entity is a commune in the center-west of France located in the Deux-S\u00e8vres department in the Poitou-Charentes region.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland, on the border with Russia. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Braniewo, which lies 80 kilometres north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn. The county also contains the towns of Pieni\u0119\u017cno, lying 27 km south-east of Braniewo, and Frombork, 11 km west of Braniewo.", "city    entity is an administrative territory in northern Poland, in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine, in the Brittany region, with a population of 664 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American rock band the Used. It is the first album released on, and the second label the band created and own, GAS Union. entity is the final album to feature guitarist Quinn Allman before he parted from the band in November 2015.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American alternative rock band The Used, released on March 31, 2014 through Hopeless Records.", "actor    entity was a Scottish actress. She was nominated six times for the Academy Award for Best Actress, and holds the record for most Best Actress Oscar nominations without a win. In 1994, having already received honorary awards from the Cannes Film Festival and BAFTA, Kerr received an Academy Honorary Award with a citation recognizing her as \"an artist of impeccable grace and beauty, a dedicated actress whose motion picture career has always stood for perfection, discipline and elegance\".", "actor    entity is a Scottish dancer and actress who, after a promising start in the UK during the war, became one of Hollywood's biggest stars in the 1950s.", "war    entity is the ninth studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band Amon Amarth. It was released in Sweden and Finland on 19 June 2013, and in the US on 25 June 2013. Former Candlemass singer Messiah Marcolin makes a guest appearance on the track \"Hel\". The title of the album and its artwork were revealed on 12 April 2013, and the title song was released on the band's homepage a day later, available for streaming or as a free download. A video for the song was released in September 2014.", "war    entity is the ninth studio album by Melodic Death metal/Viking Metal band Amon Amarth. entity was released on June 21, 2013. The album mainly focuses on the character of Loki, who betrayed the gods. The album cover depicts a clash between Loki and Thor.", "music    entity is the eighth solo studio album by Welsh musician John Cale, released in September 1982 by ZE Records and Island Records. With the suggestion from ZE Records owner Michael Zilkha, Cale performed the album mostly improvised live at Sky Line Studios in New York City.", "music    entity is the eighth solo studio album by Welsh multi-instrumentalist and producer John Cale, and the first recorded for ZE Records.", "actor    entity was an American film and stage actress. Her career was at its peak in the 1910s.", "actor    entity was an American actress .", "music    entity is a Finnish power metal band from the town of Kemi, Finland. Created as a hard rock band named Tricky Beans, they later changed to Tricky Means and finally to entity, when they shifted to power metal. The current line-up consists of drummer Tommy Portimo, lead singer Tony Kakko, keyboardist Henrik Klingenberg, guitarist Elias Viljanen and bassist Pasi Kauppinen. All the musicians of the band's history except Portimo also acted as backing vocalists.", "music    entity is a Finnish power metal band from Kemi, Lapland. Initially created as a hard rock band under the name Tricky Beans, the members decided to change their name to entity when they switched to power metal. They also use some elements of symphonic metal, then, in their last albums, some elements of progressive metal.", "actor    entity is an American actress. She rose to prominence for her performance in the film Almost Famous , for which she won a Golden Globe and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Her other films include How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days , Raising Helen , The Skeleton Key , You, Me and Dupree , Fool's Gold , Bride Wars , Nine , Deepwater Horizon , Mother's Day , Marshall and Music , for which she received her second Golden Globe nomination.", "actor    entity is an American actress and producer, born April 19, 1979 in Los Angeles. Kate Hudson began her career at a very young age before achieving acclaim in 2000 with Almost Famous, where her performance earned her a Golden Globe for Best Actress. in a supporting role, followed three years later by How to Get Dumped in 10 Lessons. She goes on to hit comedies like Fashion Maman, You and Me...", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American singer and songwriter Kesha. The album was released on January 1, 2010, through RCA Records and distributed through Sony Music Entertainment. Kesha worked on the album with a variety of record producers and songwriters such as Lukasz \"Dr. Luke\" Gottwald, Benny Blanco, David Gamson, Greg Kurstin, Max Martin and others. Kesha had been recording demos for several years when one eventually ended up in the hands of Samantha Cox, senior director of writer/publisher relations at BMI. Cox passed along the demo and it ended up in the hands of Gottwald, who decided to have Kesha perform on the song \"Right Round\" with American rapper Flo Rida. Within two months, the song became a hit in multiple countries around the world. The event led to Kesha being soug", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American singer Kesha. The project took seven years to complete. Kesha has written nearly 200 songs for this. The album was reissued in 2011 with the EP Cannibal, under the title entity + Cannibal. The album was released under the RCA Records label. For this album Kesha Sebert worked with various producers and music writers such as Lukasz Gottwald, Benny Blanco, David Gamson, Greg Kurstin or Max Martin.", "school    entity is a grande \u00e9cole and grand \u00e9tablissement located in Paris and other cities in France. The institute is a member of the Association of Professional Schools of International Affairs and the Sorbonne Paris Cit\u00e9 group.", "school    entity is a major establishment in the field of social sciences and international relations. Lessons in law, finance, human resources management, communication, marketing, journalism and urban planning are also provided. The school is renowned for the quality of its teaching and its high standards.", "music    entity is a 1986 song by the English rock band the Smiths from their third album The Queen Is Dead. Written by Johnny Marr and Morrissey, the song features self-deprecating lyrics that reflected Morrissey's frustrations with the music industry at the time. Musically, the song was inspired by the Rolling Stones' \"Jumpin' Jack Flash\" and centres around a guitar riff that Marr wrote during a 1985 soundcheck.", "music    entity is a song by The Smiths, released in 1986, on their third album The Queen Is Dead. The highest charting single from this album, it reached number 26 in the UK charts the year of its release.", "stadium    entity is a soccer video game series first released by Rage Software in 1992. Later also for the Commodore Amiga, Amiga CD32, Atari ST, PC, Mega Drive/Genesis, and Super NES. It was bundled in one of the Amiga 1200 launch packs. It was one of the first soccer games to feature a 3D viewpoint, after Simulmondo's .", "stadium    entity is a football video game developed and published by Rage Software, released in 1992 for the Amiga and Atari ST. It was released on DOS, Mega Drive, Super Nintendo in 1993 and Amiga CD32 in 1994. The French version of entity on Super Nintendo is known as Eric Cantona Football Challenge; and the version released in North America is known as World Soccer 94: Road to Glory.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are called Tourrettans.", "movie    entity is a Venezuelan filmmaker who directs, acts, and produces. Her films are often made in black and white and cover various aspects of female sexuality, including BDSM and fetishism. She was inspired by expressionist German cinema, French surrealism, and American film noir. She sometimes stars in her own films, such as The Elegant Spanking and The Black Glove . In 2007, she won the FICEB Tac\u00f3n De Aguja Best Director Award for Silken Sleeves.", "movie    entity is a New York director. Her films are often black and white and cover several aspects of female sexuality, including BDSM, sexual fetishism and lesbianism. She draws inspiration from German expressionist cinema, French surrealism and American film noir. She sometimes acts in her own films, such as in The Elegant Spanking and The Black Glove.", "war    entity is a professional wrestling video game released in 2000 for the Nintendo 64 game console. The game was only released in Japan and is the sequel to 1997's Virtual Pro Wrestling 64. The subtitle, \u014cd\u014d Keish\u014d, translates to English as Royal Road Succession, which is also the name of the game's single player mode.", "war    entity is a wrestling video game released in 2000 for the Nintendo 64 only in Japan. The game was developed by Aki Corporation and published by Asmik Ace Entertainment. It follows Virtual Pro Wrestling 64.", "sportsman    entity is an Angolan football striker.", "sportsman    entity is an Angolan footballer. He plays as a striker with the Angolan team and the Chengdu Blades club.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Eure-et-Loir in the Center region.", "music    entity is a minimalist genre that emphasizes the use of sustained sounds, notes, or tone clusters \u2013 called drones. It is typically characterized by lengthy audio programs with relatively slight harmonic variations throughout each piece. La Monte Young, one of its 1960s originators, defined it in 2000 as \"the sustained tone branch of minimalism\".", "music    entity is a genre and style of music making primarily use of drones, using sustained or repeated sounds, notes, and clusters.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album and first English language album by Colombian singer and songwriter Shakira, globally released on 13 November 2001 by Epic Records. It is her first album to be primarily recorded in English. After the release of her fourth studio album D\u00f3nde Est\u00e1n los Ladrones?, which became a success in Latin America, Spain and the Latin community in the United States, Shakira was encouraged by American singer Gloria Estefan to record songs in English as she believed the singer had the potential to crossover into the English-language pop market. Shakira was initially hesitant to undertake the project, but later decided to learn English well enough to be able to write songs in the language herself. The title of the album was chosen", "music    entity is the seventh studio album by Colombian singer Shakira, and the first to feature songs in English. Released in 2001, it has sold 18 million copies worldwide. Whenever, Wherever, Objection, The One and Underneath Your Clothes are the big hits of this opus.", "war    entity is a video game developed and published by Capcom. It is the sixth main entry in the Mega Man X series. The game was first released on the PlayStation in Japan on November 29, 2001 and was later made available in both North America and Europe.", "war    entity is an action/platform video game developed by Capcom Production Studio 3 and published by Capcom on PlayStation and Windows. It is the sixth installment in the X spin-off series.", "music    entity is an album by electronic duo Autechre, released on vinyl and CD by Warp Records on 11 January 1999. It consists of material recorded for John Peel's Radio 1 sessions in late 1995. The session was first broadcast on 13 October 1995. The sleeve is designed by Sheffield-based design agency The Designers Republic. \"Drane\" was selected by Warp Records co-founder Steve Beckett as one of his 14 absolute favourite tracks from the Warp catalogue for the Warp20 compilation.", "music    entity is an EP by English electronic music group Autechre, released on Warp Records in 1999. It consists of tracks recorded for John Peel's BBC Radio 1 sessions in late 1995.", "city    entity is an autonomous community of Spain. Its capital city is M\u00e9rida. Located in the central-western part of the Iberian Peninsula, it is crossed from east to west by the Tagus and Guadiana rivers. The autonomous community is formed by the two largest provinces of Spain: C\u00e1ceres and Badajoz. Extremadura is bordered by Portugal to the west and by the autonomous communities of Castile and Le\u00f3n , Castilla\u2013La Mancha and Andalusia .", "city    entity is one of the 17 autonomous communities of Spain. Located in the southwest of the country, it shares its borders with Portugal, Castile-Leon, Castile-La Mancha and Andalusia.", "music    entity is a song from English rock band Led Zeppelin's untitled fourth album, released in 1971. The song was released as the B-side to the single \"Black Dog\" and performed in most of the band's 1972 and 1973 concert tours.", "music    entity is a song by Led Zeppelin released in 1971 on the album Led Zeppelin IV. In the United States and Australia, it also appeared as the B-side of the single Black Dog, which did not prevent its strong FM airplay. The song was recorded at Headley Grange, in the south of England, where the band had settled with the Rolling Stones mobile studio.", "music    entity is a song written by the Sherman Brothers . It was first performed by American rockabilly singer Johnny Burnette, whose version peaked at number eight on the US Billboard Hot 100 in December 1960 and number 3 in the UK in 1961. The song was covered by Ringo Starr in 1973 and this version reached number one in the US.", "music    entity is a rockabilly song composed by the Sherman brothers. In 1960, it was released as a single by Johnny Burnette, which raised it to eighth place on the charts in the United States. In 1973, Ringo Starr took it over on Ringo, his greatest critical and commercial success. At the end of 1973, he published it as a single. The song reached No. 1 on the US charts, propelling him to the top in that country for the second time this year.", "airport    entity is a commune in the northern French department of Somme.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of the Somme in the Picardy region.", "actor    entity was a Canadian-American film actress and producer with a career that spanned five decades. A pioneer in the American film industry, she co-founded Pickford\u2013Fairbanks Studios and United Artists, and was one of the 36 founders of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.", "actor    entity is a Canadian actress, producer and businesswoman. Nicknamed \"America's Little Bride\", \"Little Mary\" or \"The Curly Girl\", she captivated audiences with her youthful, springy grace in films like Poor Little Rich Girl and Little Lord Fauntleroy.", "city    entity is the administrative center and largest city of entity Oblast, Russia. It is the seventh-largest city in Russia, with a population of over 1 million, and the second-largest city in the Ural Federal District, after Yekaterinburg. entity runs along the Miass River, and is just east of the Ural Mountains.", "city    entity is a city in Russia and the administrative capital of entity Oblast. Its population was 1,156,201 in 2013.", "language    entity is a village in the municipality of Jagodina, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 190 people.", "language    entity is a village in Serbia located in the territory of the City of Jagodina, Pomoravlje district. At the 2011 census, it had 145 inhabitants.", "music    entity is the third album by the German progressive rock band Eloy. It was released in 1974.", "music    entity is the 3rd album of the German progressive rock band Eloy. Released in 1974, it was recorded in Cologne in the studios of EMI, and saw the contribution of the artistic director of the label, Gordon Bennit, who wrote the lyrics of the title Madhouse.", "sportsman    entity is a Costa Rican football goalkeeper currently playing for La U Universitarios.", "sportsman    entity is a Costa Rican international footballer as a goalkeeper. He has two caps for the national team since 2009. He currently plays for Costa Rican club CS Herediano.", "music    entity is the second studio album by English musician John Lennon, released on 9 September 1971 by Apple Records. Co-produced by Lennon, his wife Yoko Ono and Phil Spector, the album's lush sound contrasts the basic, small-group arrangements of his first album, John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band , while the opening title track is widely considered to be his signature song.", "music    entity is John Lennon's second solo album and his best known. It was recorded in 1971 and released the same year. Lennon notes the commercial success of entity but remarks that its content is similar to the provocative tracks recorded in 1970 with the Plastic Ono Band. The difference, he said, is that entity was \u201cchocolate-coated for public consumption,\u201d referring to the violin arrangements that dot the album.", "actor    entity was a Swiss sculptor best known for his kinetic art sculptural machines that extended the Dada tradition into the later part of the 20th century. Tinguely's art satirized automation and the technological overproduction of material goods.", "actor    entity was a Swiss sculptor, painter and draftsman . 1954 under the name of M\u00e9ta-mechaniques which were then electrically animated paintings.", "music    entity is Yello's second album, released in 1981. \"Claro que si\" is Spanish for \"Yes of course\" and was reissued in 2005 in part of Yello Remaster Series with rare bonus tracks.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Swiss electronic music group Yello. It was released in 1981 before being re-released in 2005 with several additional tracks as part of the Yello Remaster Serie project. The title of the album is in Spanish and literally means \"It's obvious/Of course\".", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by the English rock band the Who, released as a double album on 26 October 1973 by Track Records. It is the group's second rock opera. Set in London and Brighton in 1965, the story follows a young mod named Jimmy and his search for self-worth and importance. entity is the only Who album entirely composed by Pete Townshend.", "music    entity is the fourth song in The Who's 1973 rock opera Quadrophenia.", "city    entity is located in the Loire department in the Auvergne-Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region of France. It has 75 communes. Its population is 423,286 , and its area is 1,057.5 km2 .", "city    entity is a French administrative division, located in the Loire department and the Rh\u00f4ne-Alpes region. This arrondissement can be divided into 3 distinct entities: the urbanized valleys, the Jarez and the Pilat.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department.", "city    entity is one of the seventy-seven districts of Nepal. The district, with Martadi as its district headquarters, covers an area of 2,188 km2 and had a population of 108,781 in 2001 and 134,912 in 2011. The district has nine municipalities, 9 Ilakas and 1 constituency areas. The district is situated in Longitude between 81\u00b0 10\u2032 20\u2033 to 81\u00b0 48\u2032 27\u2033 East and Latitude 29\u00b0 16\u2032 21\u2033 to 29\u00b0 56\u2032 56\u2033 North. Geographically the district is divided in three distinct regions from north to south viz. Higher Himalayan Region, Higher Mountain and mid \u2013 Mountains. The Higher Himalayan region comprises Saipal Himalayan range; High Mountain region comprises Doha Lekh and Ghori Lekh. Similarly", "city    entity is one of the 75 districts of Nepal. It is attached to the Seti zone and the Far West development region. The population of the district stood at 134,912 in 2011. Bajura has an airport.", "war    entity is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli. It was released in the UK in 1964 as The Phantom Lovers.", "war    entity is a 1961 Italian film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli.", "music    entity is the third album released by the post-hardcore band Emery.", "music    entity is Emery's third studio album.", "city    entity is a city and metropolitan borough in Merseyside, England. With a population of 498,042 in 2019, it is the tenth largest English district by population, and its metropolitan area is the fifth largest in the United Kingdom with a population of 2.24 million.", "city    entity is a city and metropolitan district in Merseyside in the region of North West England on the east and north banks of the estuary of the River Mersey. The city was part of the county of Lancashire until 1974 before the formation of the county of Merseyside. The city was founded in 1207 and obtained city status in 1880.", "actor    entity was an English stage and film actress. She was one of the first two women entertainers to become a Dame. The British actors' union Equity was established in her home. After a successful career she moved over to Hollywood films at the age of 72. She went to live in America, where she won awards for her film roles.", "actor    entity was an English actress, born June 19, 1865 in Liverpool, England and died May 29, 1948 in Beverly Hills, California at the age of 82. Annobled in 1918 in recognition of her charitable works during the 1st World War, she received the title of Dame.", "language    entity is a retired ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League. He played for HC Dynamo Moscow and SKA St. Petersburg. He was inducted into the Russian and Soviet Hockey Hall of Fame in 1993.", "language    entity is a Soviet then Russian professional ice hockey player who became a coach. He plays as a defender.", "sportsman    entity is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for KR Reykjav\u00edk.", "sportsman    entity is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a midfielder. He currently plays for Danish club Randers FC.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Pink Floyd, composed by guitarist David Gilmour with lyrics by Gilmour and Polly Samson. It is the closing track on their fourteenth studio album, The Division Bell , and was released as the second single from the album on 17 October 1994. An accompanying music video was made for the song and was directed by Storm Thorgerson.", "music    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It appears at the end of the album The Division Bell, in 1994 and in a shortened version on the compilation album Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd in 2001. It was played in all the concerts of the record tour. The song begins and ends with a bell ringing, symbolizing The Division Bell, the title of the album.", "city    Chrustowo est un village polonais de la gmina de Mi\u0142os\u0142aw dans le powiat de Wrze\u015bnia de la vo\u00efvodie de Grande-Pologne dans le centre-ouest de la Pologne. Il se situe \u00e0 environ 5 kilom\u00e8tres \u00e0 l'est de Mi\u0142os\u0142aw , \u00e0 14 kilom\u00e8tres au sud de Wrze\u015bnia et \u00e0 50 kilom\u00e8tres au sud-est de Pozna\u0144 . Le village poss\u00e9dait une population de 56 habitants en 2013.", "city    entity is a village in the Gmina of Mi \u0142 os \u0142 aw in Wrze \u015b nia County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "music    entity is a song from Pink Floyd's 1983 album, The Final Cut. In World War II, many soldiers departed from Southampton to fight against the Germans. In the eighties, Southampton was again used as a departure base, this time for the Falklands War. The song describes a woman who \"bravely waves\" the soldiers \"Goodbye again\". Roger Waters repeatedly performed the song on his solo tours; a live recording appears on his album In the Flesh \u2013 Live.", "music    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It is the tenth title of the album The Final Cut, released in 1983. It was often interpreted in concert by Roger Waters with Get Your Filthy Hands Off My Desert, appearing in particular on the DVD of the show In the Flesh: Live.", "music    entity is an American hip hop duo from The Bronx borough of New York City, composed of record producer Rodney \"Showbiz\" Lemay and rapper Andre \"A.G.\" Barnes . The duo formed soon after their debut on the song \"Back to Back Rhyming\" from Lord Finesse's Funky Technician album and joined the hip hop collective D.I.T.C. along with Lord Finesse, Diamond D, Fat Joe, O.C., Buckwild and Big L.", "music    entity is an American rap group from the Bronx in New York.", "army    entity was a Canadian Army officer who served with the R\u00e9giment de St-Hyacinthe, the Royal Canadian Infantry Corps and the Royal 22e R\u00e9giment.", "army    entity is a Canadian soldier. He was decorated with the Order of the British Empire. An infantry officer, he attained the rank of colonel and served as commander of the 1st battalion of the Royal 22e R\u00e9giment and director of administration at the levie of the Royal Military College Saint-Jean.", "city    entity is a town in the district of Tuttlingen in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg in Germany.", "city    entity is a municipality in Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg, located in the district of Tuttlingen, in the district of Freiburg im Breisgau. Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg Portal Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg Portal", "mountain    entity is the highest point in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. It is part of the Aripo Massif and is located in the Northern Range on the island of Trinidad, northeast of the town of Arima. El Cerro del Aripo is accessible for hikers, and is located near the world-famous Asa Wright Nature Centre. The centre is a bird-watching hotspot and is one of the most biodiverse areas in the West Indies and over 400 species of birds can be viewed from there.", "mountain    entity is a mountain in Trinidad and Tobago, the highest point in the country. It is located at an altitude of 940 meters on the border of the Tunapuna-Piarco and Sangre Grande regions.Mountain portal Mountain portal Trinidad and Tobago portal Trinidad and Tobago portal", "music    entity are an English indie rock band from Wandsworth, London, formed in 2005. The band consists of Romy Madley Croft , Oliver Sim , Jamie Smith, also known as Jamie xx , and formerly Baria Qureshi . They are known for their distinct and minimalist sound that blends indie rock, indie electronic, indie pop, dream pop and electro-rock and the dual vocalist setup of both Croft and Sim. Their music employs soft, echoed guitar, prominent bass, light electronic beats and ambient soundscape backgrounds.", "music    entity is a rock band with refined sounds sometimes bringing it closer to minimalist music, formed in London in 2005.", "music    entity is a song by English musician George Harrison, which he released on his 1987 album Cloud Nine. It was also issued as the second single from the album, in January 1988. The lyrics serve as a nostalgic reflection by Harrison on the days of Beatlemania during the 1960s, when the Beatles were first referred to as \"the Fab Four\". Harrison co-wrote the song with Jeff Lynne, who also co-produced the track. The recording references the psychedelic sound that the Beatles had helped popularise in 1967, through its use of sitar, cello, and backwards-relayed effects. Harrison's former Beatles bandmate Ringo Starr is among the other musicians on the track. The single was accompanied by an innovative music video, directed by the partnership of Kevin Godley and Lol Creme. One of Harriso", "music    entity is a song by George Harrison, released in 1987 on the album Cloud Nine. It refers to the time when Harrison was a member of the Beatles, nicknamed the \"Fab Four\". The music video for the song, directed by Kevin Godley and Lol Cr\u00e8me and featuring Ringo Starr, contains several Beatles nods. United and 25th in the UK.", "movie    entity is a Thai filmmaker and screenwriter. With Banjong Pisanthanakun, he co-directed and co-wrote the hit 2004 Thai horror film, Shutter, and the 2007 horror film, Alone.", "movie    entity is a Thai director, screenwriter and cinematographer.", "war    entity is a 1971 French-Italian neo noir crime film directed by director Henri Verneuil and starring Jean-Paul Belmondo and Omar Sharif. It is based on the 1953 novel by David Goodis and revolves around a team of four burglars chased by a corrupt policeman in Athens. It's a remake of the 1957 film The Burglar with Jayne Mansfield. The movie is known for its spectacular car chase and Belmondo's incredible fall from a construction truck down a steep, rocky hillside. The movie was shot twice, once in French and once in English, by the same cast.", "war    entity is a film directed by Henri Verneuil, released in France in 1971. It is a co-production between France and Italy, a remake of The Burglar, directed by Paul Wendkos.", "singer    entity is an American musician, singer, songwriter and record producer. He had a 3-year tenure as the rhythm guitarist of Guns N' Roses, replacing Izzy Stradlin in 1991 during the Use Your Illusion Tour, and also featured on \"The Spaghetti Incident?\" . Following this, Clarke went on to forge a solo career as well playing guitar with Slash's Snakepit, Kat Men, Heart, Nancy Sinatra, Kathy Valentine , MC5 and forming his own group Rock Star Supernova with members of Metallica and M\u00f6tley Cr\u00fce.", "singer    entity is best known for being part of Guns N' Roses and Kill for Thrills. He also has a solo career since 1994. With Guns N' Roses he only recorded one album, The Spaghetti Incident?. He replaced Izzy Stradlin who left the band during the Use Your Illusion Tour in November 1991. He also participated in Slash's 1995 solo project, Slash's Snakepit.", "city    entity is the capital city of the Northern Territory, Australia. The city is known as Garramilla to the traditional owners of the area, the Larrakia people, a word which refers to the white stone found in the area. With an estimated population of 147,255 as of 2019, the city contains the majority of the residents of the sparsely-populated Northern Territory. It is the smallest, wettest, and most northerly of the Australian capital cities and serves as the Top End's regional centre.", "city    entity is the capital and most populous city of the Northern Territory in Australia. Located on the Timor Sea, entity had a population of 131,678 in 2012. It is the smallest and northernmost city of the Australian capitals, acting as the regional center of the Top End.", "airport    entity is a French commune situated east of Marseille in the department of Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region of France. The inhabitants of the commune are known as Allaudiens or Allaudiennes.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Bouches-du-Rh\u00f4ne department in the Provence-Alpes-C\u00f4te d'Azur region. Its inhabitants are called Allaudiens.", "sportsman    entity is an Ecuadorian athlete specialising in the sprinting events. She won two medals at the 2014 World Junior Championships. Earlier she competed at the 2013 World Championships in the 100 metres without qualifying for the semifinals. In addition, she has won multiple medals on regional level.", "sportsman    entity is an Ecuadorian sprint specialist.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Basse-Normandie region, populated by 215 inhabitants.", "sportsman    entity is a Uruguayan former professional footballer who played mainly as a defensive midfielder. He started his career with Montevideo Wanderers in 1999, and went on to play professionally in Norway, Sweden, Spain, Paraguay, Brazil, and Argentina before retiring in 2016. He earned 57 caps for Uruguay between 2001 and 2013, and represented his country at the 2010 World Cup and two Copa Am\u00e9rica tournaments.", "sportsman    entity is a Uruguayan international footballer, born on January 8, 1981 and who currently plays with the Uruguayan club Club Atl\u00e9tico Libertad.", "singer    entity is a Slovenian ice hockey player who currently plays for HK Dukla Michalovce of the Slovak Extraliga. He participated at several IIHF World Championships as a member of the Slovenia men's national ice hockey team.In the 2015/2016 season, he was playing for team, HC Slavia Praha in the 1st Czech Republic Hockey League, the second highest league in the country.", "singer    entity is a Slovenian professional ice hockey player.", "video game    entity is a Japanese company that specializes in video games, toys, arcade cabinets and game centers, based in Shinjuku, Tokyo. The company was founded by Michael Kogan in 1953 as the Taito Trading Company, importing vodka, vending machines and jukeboxes into Japan. It began production of video games in 1973. In 2005, Taito was purchased by Square Enix, becoming a wholly owned subsidiary by 2006. The company maintains a chain of arcade centers, known as \"Game Taito Stations\", across Japan, alongside being a manufacturer of toys, plush dolls and UFO-catcher prizes.", "video game    entity is a Japanese video game and arcade game hardware development and distribution company, established in 1953. Today Taito is wholly owned by publisher Square Enix. Taito is headquartered in the Quint Shinjuku Bunka Building in Yoyogi, Shibuya, Tokyo. Taito is best known for producing arcade games, such as Space Invaders and Bubble Bobble.", "sports team    entity is a Swedish professional ice hockey club playing in HockeyAllsvenskan, the second highest level of pro hockey in Sweden. S\u00f6dert\u00e4lje were charter members of Elitserien when the league was founded in 1975 and have since played 24 seasons in the league . S\u00f6dert\u00e4lje SK's fan club is known as", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey team from the city of S\u00f6dert\u00e4lje in Sweden. The team plays in Sweden's second division, Allsvenskan.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album from musician Richard Hawley, released on 21 September 2009 in the UK and on 22 September 2009 in the US. The album title refers to an ancient street in Hawley's native Sheffield, now thought to be the location of present-day Castle Street, which was allegedly named after 18th-century innkeeper Thomas Truelove, who used to charge local people to dump their rubbish in the gutter in the street that then flowed down to the River Don. Thematically, entity is Richard's darkest album to date. Richard told the BBC that the album was inspired by particularly dark periods in his life and those of others. The album features some uncommon instrumentation, such as the waterphone, megabass, and cristal baschet.", "music    entity is an album by Richard Hawley released in 2009.", "music    entity is the fifth and final album in a series of five releases celebrating the 10th anniversary of John Zorn's Masada songbook project. It features 10 Masada songs performed by Jon Madof's Rashanim trio with Shanir Ezra Blumenkranz on bass and on drums in addition to Madof's guitar with guest appearances from Marc Ribot on two tracks. It was released in 2005 on Zorn's Tzadik Records as part of the Radical Series.", "music    entity is an album by Rashanim released in 2005 on the Tzadik label. John Zorn's compositions are arranged by Rashanim. This album is part of the Masada Anniversary series recorded on the occasion of Masada's 10th anniversary.", "actor    entity is an American actor, playwright, screenwriter, and director.", "actor    entity is an American writer, actor and director.", "actor    entity is a retired Dutch politician of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy and jurist. Korthals attended the Gymnasium Leiden from June 1957 until June 1963 and applied at the Leiden University in June 1967 majoring in law and obtaining an Bachelor of Laws degree before graduating with an Master of Laws degree in July 1973. Korthals worked as a lawyer and prosecutor in Rotterdam from January 1974 until August 1998. Korthals was elected as a Member of the House of Representatives after the election of 1982, taking office on 16 September 1982. After the election of 1998 Korthals was appointed as Minister of Justice in the Cabinet Kok II, taking office on 3 August 1998. After the election of 2002 Korthals returned as a Member of th", "actor    entity is a Dutch politician, member of the People's Party for Democracy and Freedom, former Minister of Justice and Defense of the Netherlands.", "sportsman    entity is a Brazilian racing driver. He competed in 15 seasons of Formula One between 2002 and 2017, where he scored 11 Grand Prix victories, 41 podiums and finished as championship runner-up in 2008 by one point. Since retirement from Formula One, Massa has pursued a career in the FIA's all electric series Formula E. He retired from Formula E at the end of the 2019-20 Championship. He then joined the 2021 season of the Stock Car Brasil series.", "sportsman    entity is a Brazilian racing driver who has competed in the Formula 1 world championship since 2002, the season when he started with the Swiss team Sauber. He drove from 2006 to 2013 with Scuderia Ferrari.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comt\u00e9 in north-central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Yonne in the Burgundy region.", "competition    entity was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 20th edition of the Challenge Bell, and was part of the WTA International tournaments of the 2012 WTA Tour. It took place at the PEPS de l'Universit\u00e9 Laval in Quebec City, Canada, from September 11 through September 17, 2012.", "competition    entity is a women's professional tennis tournament. The 2012 edition, classified in the International category, takes place from September 10 to 16, 2012.", "music    entity is a song by American hip hop artists Kanye West and Jay-Z, from their first collaborative album Watch the Throne . The song features pop musician Mr. Hudson who is signed to West's GOOD Music label. entity heavily samples French house duo Cassius' 2010 single \"I <3 U So\", which itself is based upon a sample from the original 1971 version of \"I Feel a Song \" by Sandra Richardson. The song almost entirely features Jay-Z rapping and only contains a few lines provided by West. Lyrically, the song is about the people who have stood in the way of Jay-Z throughout the year and expresses themes of victory and anger. The song received generally positive reviews from music critics, who normally praised the production.", "music    entity is a song by Jay-Z and Kanye West, in duet with Mr Hudson, taken from their joint album Watch the Throne.", "music    entity is a song by American rock band Nirvana, written by vocalist and guitarist, Kurt Cobain. It is the 11th track on their second album, Nevermind, released in September 1991. The song was released as a promo single in 1992, peaking at number 25 on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart.", "music    entity is a song by the American rock band Nirvana. It is the 11th track from their 1991 album, Nevermind, and is also part of the MTV Unplugged in New York live album. It is a \"plaintive and harmonious\" ballad on which Cobain practices humor and self-mockery. slipping into the lyrics that the song makes no sense, that he doesn't know what he's trying to say and that he can finally go home after sending one last message.", "singer    entity is an American musician, singer, songwriter, record producer, and a founding member of the rock band Eagles. He was the drummer and co-lead vocalist for the Eagles from 1971 until the band broke up in 1980, and has reprised those duties for the group's reunions since 1994. Henley sang the lead vocals on Eagles hits such as \"Witchy Woman\", \"Desperado\", \"Best of My Love\", \"One of These Nights\", \"Hotel California\", \"Life in the Fast Lane\", \"The Long Run\" and \"Get Over It\".", "singer    entity is an American vocalist and drummer for the rock band Eagles. He is also pursuing a solo career.", "war    entity is the fourth and final studio album by the Dutch progressive metal band Stream of Passion. Stream of Passion produced the album after leaving Napalm Records, financing it through crowdfunding website Indiegogo, and was their only album with the same line-up than its predecessor.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by Mexican-Dutch gothic metal band Stream of Passion, released on April 18, 2014 on PIAS and Rough Trade Records.", "music    entity is the sixth studio album by American rapper Rick Ross. It was released on March 3, 2014, by Maybach Music Group and Slip-n-Slide Records, and distributed by Def Jam Recordings. The album features guest appearances from Jay-Z, Jeezy, The Weeknd, Kanye West, Big Sean, Meek Mill, Lil Wayne, French Montana, Diddy, Sizzla, Mavado, Z-Ro and Scarface. The album was supported with the official singles \"The Devil Is a Lie\", \"War Ready\" and \"Thug Cry\", in addition to the promotional singles \"Box Chevy\", \"No Games\" and \"Nobody\".", "music    entity is Rick Ross' sixth studio album, released in March 2014. The album ranked #1 on the Billboard 200, Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, Top Rap Albums and Top Digital Albums and sold 180,000 copies. were sold in the United States the first week.", "sports team    entity is a member of the offensive backfield in gridiron football. The primary roles of a running back are to receive handoffs from the quarterback to rush the ball, to line up as a receiver to catch the ball,and block. There are usually one or two running backs on the field for a given play, depending on the offensive formation. entity may be a halfback , a wingback or a fullback. entity will sometimes be called a \"feature back\" if he is the team's starting running back.", "sports team    entity is an American football or Canadian football player playing on the offensive team. In France, the term is mainly used to designate the halfback, a player who often carries the ball.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of the Republic of the Congo . Constituting the financial and administrative centre of the country, it is located on the north side of the Congo River, opposite Kinshasa, the capital city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . In 2013, entity was designated a City of Music by UNESCO; since then it has also been a member of the Creative Cities Network.", "city    entity is the political and administrative capital of the Republic of Congo. It is located in southern Congo, on the banks of the Congo River, on the north shore of Pool Malebo opposite Kinshasa, capital of the Democratic Republic of Congo. The city was founded on October 3, 1880 on the site of the old pre-colonial towns generally designated by the name of Nkuna, the main ones of which were Mpila and Mfa, or Mfoa.", "music    entity is Nickelback's seventh and final single from the album All the Right Reasons. The song was released only to U.S. rock stations.", "music    entity is the twentieth single from Nickelback and the seventh from their 2005 album All the Right Reasons.", "music    entity is the fourth full-length album by the Russian folk metal band Arkona. It was released on October 31, 2007, through Sound Age Production and later through Napalm Records. The name translates to \"From the Heart to the Sky\".", "music    entity is the fourth album by Russian folk metal band Arkona. It was released on October 31, 2007 by Sound Age Production, and later by Napalm Records.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in the Brittany region.", "school    entity is a private Ivy League research university in Princeton, New Jersey. Founded in 1746 in Elizabeth as the College of New Jersey, Princeton is the fourth-oldest institution of higher education in the United States and one of the nine colonial colleges chartered before the American Revolution. The institution moved to Newark in 1747, and then to the current site nine years later. It officially became a university in 1896 and was subsequently renamed entity.", "school    entity is located in the city of Princeton in the state of New Jersey, USA. A member of the Ivy League, it was founded in 1746 as the college of New Jersey. It became entity in 1896.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. It was recorded and mixed at The Abyss in January 1996 and released on July 1 that year by Osmose Productions. It was re-released in digipak format with bonus tracks on June 27, 2006. entity is the first Marduk album to feature Legion, formerly of Ophthalamia, on vocals and Peter T\u00e4gtgren as mixer. This album marked a shift in style for what Marduk are popularly known for; hyper-blast blast beats and furious drum work, sheer brutality over melody , and raw vocals.", "war    entity is the fourth studio album by Swedish black metal band Marduk. The album was released under the Osmose Productions label. The album was released in Digipak version on June 27, 2006 under the Regain Records label. It contains four additional titles which are the demo versions of titles present on this album. This is the first album of the group with the singer Legion in the formation. Heaven Shall Burn...", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band Procol Harum that was issued as their debut record on 12 May 1967. The single reached number 1 in the UK Singles Chart on 8 June and stayed there for six weeks. Without much promotion, it reached number 5 on the US Billboard Hot 100. One of the anthems of the 1967 Summer of Love, it is one of the most commercially successful singles in history, having sold more than 10 million copies worldwide. In the years since, entity has become an enduring classic, with more than 1000 known cover versions by other artists.", "music    entity is a song by British band Procol Harum, released as a single in May 1967.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Tarn and the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region. Its inhabitants are called Angl\u00e9siens.", "singer    entity is a Filipino-American DJ and producer. He is a member of the hip hop trio Dilated Peoples, with Rakaa Iriscience and Evidence. Also a member of the World Famous Beat Junkies DJ crew. He served as the curator and host of \"Soundcheck\" for Beat Junkie Radio on Dash Radio. As of 2017, DJ Babu is the Program Director and a lead instructor alongside fellow crew members Mr. Choc, Melo-D, Rhettmatic, D-Styles and J.rocc at the Beat Junkie Institute of Sound.", "singer    entity is a Filipino-American DJ and music producer. He is a member of the group Dilated Peoples, of the collective of DJs Beat Junkies and forms with the rapper Defari the duo Likwit Junkies.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by the English blues rock band, Ten Years After, which was released in 1974. Shortly after the release of this album, the band broke up. The album peaked at #81 in the US Billboard 200 chart.", "music    entity is the eighth studio album by British blues rock band Ten Years After, released in April 1974. The band broke up the same year. The album charted at No. 81 in the United States.", "music    entity was an American guitarist, singer and songwriter. He came to prominence in the early 1970s as a member of the New York Dolls. He later played with the Heartbreakers and as a solo artist.", "music    entity is an American rock guitarist and singer. He was lead guitarist for The New York Dolls from 1972 to 1975. He then founded The Heartbreakers before embarking on a solo career.", "actor    entity was an English actor. He achieved considerable success in British cinema before becoming a star in Hollywood. He was the top box-office attraction in the UK in 1944 and 1945; his British films included The Seventh Veil and The Wicked Lady . He starred in Odd Man Out , the first recipient of the BAFTA Award for Best British Film.", "actor    entity is a British actor.", "competition    entity is a racing video game developed and published by Atari Games for arcades. It was ported to the Nintendo 64, Game Boy Color, and Dreamcast by Midway Games. It was released in 2000 on September 7 for North America and November 17 for Europe. It is the third game in the Rush series and the sequel to San Francisco Rush: Extreme Racing and Rush 2: Extreme Racing USA. It is also the last game in the Rush series to be set in the city of San Francisco, and the last released on a Nintendo console. It also serves as the final game for the Atari Games label, which was retired shortly after the arcade release. The Dreamcast version was later re-released as part of Midway Arcade Treasures 3 for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube; and later Windows as part of Midway Arcade Tr", "competition    entity is a racing video game released in 1999 on arcade and in 2000 on Nintendo 64, Dreamcast and Game Boy Color. The game was developed by Atari Games and published by Midway. It is part of the Rush series.", "actor    entity was an Irish-born American actor and director. He appeared in at least 221 motion pictures from 1912 to 1958.", "actor    entity is an American actor and director of Irish origin, born Matthew Moore, January 8, 1888 in Kells, and died January 21, 1960 in Hollywood.", "singer    entity was an American singer, songwriter, musician, and record producer. Starting in the early 1950's as the lead singer of his family musical group the Valentinos and as Sam Cooke's backing guitarist, Womack's career spanned more than 60 years and multiple styles, including R&B, soul, rock and roll, doo-wop, and gospel. In 2009, Bobby Womack was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.", "singer    entity is an American soul and R&B singer, guitarist and songwriter.", "army    entity is the United States government's highest and most prestigious military decoration that may be awarded to recognize American soldiers, sailors, marines, airmen, Space Force guardians, and coast guardsmen who have distinguished themselves by acts of valor. The medal is normally awarded by the President of the United States, but as it is presented \"in the name of the United States Congress\", it is often referred to as the \"Congressional Medal of Honor\".", "army    entity is the United States' highest military honor. There are three different versions: that of the US Army, that of the US Navy and that of the US Air Force. The ribbon of the medal is identical in the three versions. The medal is sometimes mistakenly named the Congressional Medal of Honor because the U.S. President presents the award on behalf of the United States Congress.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Mi\u0144sk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Stanis\u0142aw\u00f3w, which lies approximately 12 kilometres north of Mi\u0144sk Mazowiecki and 39 km east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 106.01 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 6,240 .", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Mi\u0144sk County , Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. Its administrative seat is the village of entity , which is located about 12 kilometers north of Mi\u0144sk Mazowiecki and 39 kilometers east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b106.01 km 2 for a population of 6,240 inhabitants in 2006.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for Boxers de Bordeaux in the French Ligue Magnus.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "competition    entity was the 36th season of top-tier football league in Angola. The season ran from 21 February to 8 November 2014. Kabuscorp were the defending champions, having won their first Angolan championship in 2013. The league comprised 16 teams, the bottom three of which were relegated to the 2015 Segundona.", "competition    entity is the thirty-sixth edition of the first division in Angola. The sixteen best teams in the country are grouped together in a single pool where they compete twice, at home and away. At the end of the season, the bottom three in the standings are relegated and replaced by the top three teams from Gira Angola, the Angolan second division.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales department in southern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-Orientales in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its inhabitants are called entityans.", "airport    entity is a town located in the northern German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It is the capital of the district of Stormarn. The area has been inhabited since Mesolithic times. The flint tools found here from that era are clearly defined and known as the Oldesloer Stufe. For a number of years in the 18th Century the Moravian Church had a congregation in entity. It was called \"Pilgerruh\", i.e. \"Pilgrims' Rest\". It was given up because of difficulties with the Danish Church authorities. At that time, the Duchy of Holstein was ruled by the kings of Denmark within the Holy Roman Empire.", "airport    entity is a German municipality located in the Land of Schleswig-Holstein. It is the prefecture of the district of Stormarn and hosts the logistics transport site Schmechel Transport GmbH.", "school    entity is a one-reel 1914 American comedy film, produced by Mack Sennett for his Keystone film company, directed by Ford Sterling, and starring Sterling, Mack Swain, Edgar Kennedy, and Charles Chaplin as a policeman.", "school    entity is an American slapstick comedy directed by Ford Sterling starring Charlie Chaplin, released on February 19, 1914.", "music    entity is a Japanese rap rock group founded in 1996 by Kenji \"KJ\" Furuya and Sakurai Makoto. They were one of the first groups to popularize hip hop in Japan. entity is a member of Mob Squad, which is an affiliation with the bands Source and Endive. entity uses the French fleur-de-lis as their band logo/symbol.", "music    entity is a Japanese group with hip-hop, rock, drum'n'bass, samba and reggae influences. The group is popular in Japan where they were among the first to introduce rap culture. The lyrics of their songs are mainly in Japanese but also in English and Spanish.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Orne department in the Lower Normandy region, with a population of 141 inhabitants.", "city    entity is an arrondissement of France in the Landes d\u00e9partment in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It has 175 communes. Its population is 180,294 , and its area is 6,048.4 km2 . Its surface area of over 6,000 km\u00b2 is the largest of any arrondissement in Metropolitan France, its size being comparable to an entire d\u00e9partement such as the Eure.", "city    entity is a French administrative division located in the Landes department, in the Aquitaine region. Extending over more than 6,000 km2, it is the largest arrondissement in metropolitan France, with the dimension of the department of Eure.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres east of Zakrzew, 9 km north-west of Radom, and 86 km south of Warsaw.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Zakrzew in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "music    entity are a Swedish rock band from \u00d6rebro, Sweden, formed in 2001.", "music    entity are a stoner rock band from \u00d6rebro, Sweden. The band's career began with the release of two EPs in 2001 and 2002, as well as a split-EP with Swedish band Firestone in 2003.", "music    entity is the second studio album released by the Black Eyed Peas frontman will.i.am. The album was released on September 23, 2003.", "music    entity is will.i.am's second solo album, released on September 23, 2003. The song \"Go!\" was featured on the 2005 NBA Live Basketball and 2005 Madden NFL Football video games.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.", "airport    entity is a commune in southwestern France, located in the Landes department. The town is 20 km east of Mont-de-Marsan.", "actor    entity was an English writer of children's fiction, notably Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and its sequel Through the Looking-Glass. He was noted for his facility with word play, logic, and fantasy. The poems Jabberwocky and The Hunting of the Snark are classified in the genre of literary nonsense. He was also a mathematician, photographer, inventor, and Anglican deacon.", "actor    entity was a novelist, essayist, photographer and professor of mathematics at Oxford University, born January 27, 1832 in Daresbury, Cheshire and died January 14, 1898 in Guildford.", "music    entity is a power ballad by American heavy metal band Metallica. It was released as the second single from their eponymous fifth album Metallica . Though one of the slower tracks on the album, its chord progression is distinctly one of the heaviest ballads featured on the album. The song deals with the theme of the struggle of the individual against the efforts of those who would subjugate him. The song has since spawned two sequels, in the form of \"The Unforgiven II\", from the album Reload, and \"The Unforgiven III\", from the album Death Magnetic.", "music    entity is the fourth single from Metallica's self-titled album.", "sports team    entity is a Congolese football club based in Goma, North Kivu province and currently playing in the Linafoot Ligue 2, the second level of the Congolese football.", "sports team    entity is a Congolese football club based in Goma.", "competition    entity was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 29th edition of the ASB Classic, and was part of the WTA International tournaments category of the 2014 WTA Tour. It took place at the ASB Tennis Centre in Auckland, New Zealand, on 30 December 2013 to 4 January 2014.", "competition    entity is a professional tennis tournament. The 2014 women's edition, classified in the International category, takes place from December 30, 2013 to January 4, 2014.", "sports team    entity were a professional ice hockey team based in Halifax, Nova Scotia. They played in the American Hockey League between 1988 and 1993. They were created by the relocation of the Fredericton Express and filled a void left by the relocation of the Nova Scotia Oilers to Cape Breton. The Citadels, named after the Halifax Citadel military fort, were affiliated with the Quebec Nordiques National Hockey League team. Home games were played at the Halifax Metro Centre, located at the base of Citadel Hill.", "sports team    entity are an ice hockey franchise that played in the American Hockey League, North American championship, from 1988 to 1993.", "music    entity is the third studio album by English rock band Def Leppard, released on 20 January 1983 through Vertigo Records in UK and Europe and through Mercury Records in the US. The first album to feature guitarist Phil Collen who replaced founding member Pete Willis, entity was produced by Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange. The album was a shift away from the band's traditional heavy metal roots toward a more radio-friendly sound, finding massive mainstream success. entity charted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200, No. 4 on the Canadian RPM Album chart and No. 18 on the UK Albums Chart. Selling over ten million copies in the US, it has been certified diamond by the RIAA.", "music    entity is an album by Def Leppard, the group's third, released in 1983. It ranks second in sales in the United States, and eighteenth in the United Kingdom. Total sales exceed 10 million copies in the United States and over 12 million copies worldwide.", "stadium    entity is an arena at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, used for agricultural displays, ice hockey, and trade shows. It was built for the Canadian National Exhibition and the Royal Agricultural Winter Fair in 1921. Commonly known as the Coliseum, it was formerly known as the CNE Coliseum and Ricoh Coliseum, and since 1997 it has been part of the Enercare Centre exhibition complex. It serves as the home arena of the Toronto Marlies ice hockey team, the American Hockey League farm team of the Toronto Maple Leafs. For the 2015 Pan American Games the venue hosted the gymnastics competitions and was known as the Toronto Coliseum.", "stadium    entity is an indoor arena located at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Canada. entity is the second largest arena in the queen city and serves as the venue for the games of the Toronto Maple Leafs' farm club, the Toronto Marlies. Previously, it was named the CNE Coliseum.", "school    entity is a public research university in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Founded in 1817 by an act of the old Michigan Territory, as the Catholepistemiad, or the University of Michigania, 20 years before the territory became a state, the university is Michigan's oldest. The institution was moved to Ann Arbor in 1837 onto 40 acres of what is now known as Central Campus, a U.S. historic district. Since its establishment in Ann Arbor, the university has expanded to include some 500 buildings spread out over the city. The university has been governed by an elected board of regents independently of the state since 1850, when the state's second constitution was officially adopted.", "school    entity is an American university located in Ann Arbor, Michigan. It is also made up of two regional campuses which are located in Dearborn and Flint.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by British art rock band Wild Beasts. It was released on 16 June 2008 by Domino Records, followed by the single for \"The Devil's Crayon\" on 30 June and \"Brave Bulging Buoyant Clairvoyants\" on 16 October. The album was well received by critics.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by British art rock band Wild Beasts.", "video game    entity is an American video game licensor that is part of Lucasfilm. It was founded in May 1982 by George Lucas as a video game development group alongside his film company; as part of a larger 1990 reorganization of the Lucasfilm divisions, the video game development division was grouped and rebranded as part of LucasArts. LucasArts became known for its line of adventure games based on its SCUMM engine in the 1990s, including Maniac Mansion, the Monkey Island series, and several Indiana Jones titles. A number of influential game developers were alumni of LucasArts from this period, including Brian Moriarty, Tim Schafer, Ron Gilbert, and Dave Grossman. Later, as Lucasfilm regained control over its licensing over the Star Wars franchise, LucasArts produced numerous action-based Sta", "video game    entity is an American video game development and publishing company, a subsidiary of the production company Lucasfilm, acquired in October 2012 by The Walt Disney Company.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Ab-Soul. It was released on May 11, 2012, by Top Dawg Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from Jhen\u00e9 Aiko, Danny Brown, Schoolboy Q, Jay Rock, BJ the Chicago Kid, Kendrick Lamar, JaVonte, Punch, Ashtrobot and vocals from the late Alori Joh. The album's production was handled by Digi+Phonics, King Blue, Nez & Rio, Skhye Hutch, Curtiss King, Aahyasis, and Tommy Black.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American rapper Ab-Soul, released on May 11, 2012.", "city    entity is the capital city of the Canadian province of Quebec. As of July 2016, the city had a population of 531,902, and the metropolitan area had a population of 800,296. It is the eleventh-largest city and the seventh-largest metropolitan area in Canada. It is also the second-largest city in the province after Montreal.", "city    entity is the capital of the Canadian province of entity. The city had a population of 521,993 as of July 1, 2012, and over 750,000 people in its metropolitan community, making entity City the second most populous city in the province after Montreal, which is approximately 233 km to the southwest.", "singer    entity is an American rapper. As a member of Wu-Tang Clan, his lyrics contributed to horrorcore's global popularity. He released his solo debut Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... in 1995 to universal critical acclaim. He has since recorded numerous solo albums, as well as continuing to work with Wu-Tang and providing an extensive number of guest contributions to other hip hop artists' works . He is the founder of his own label ICE H2O Records.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, member of the Wu-Tang Clan. In 1995, he launched his solo career with Only Built 4 Cuban Linx\u2026 considered one of the best American rap albums of the 1990s.", "war    entity was an American thrash metal band from Huntington Park, California. The band was formed in 1981 by guitarists Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman, drummer Dave Lombardo, and bassist and vocalist Tom Araya. entity's fast and aggressive musical style made them one of the \"big four\" bands of thrash metal, alongside Metallica, Megadeth, and Anthrax. entity's final lineup comprised King, Araya, drummer Paul Bostaph and guitarist Gary Holt . Drummer Jon Dette was also a member of the band.", "war    entity is an American thrash metal band from Huntington Park, California. The band was formed in 1981 by guitarists Jeff Hanneman and Kerry King. entity are known as one of the leading bands of the thrash metal movement, with the 1986 release of Reign in Blood, named \"the greatest heavy album of all time with Metallica's Master of Puppets\" by Kerrang.", "music    entity is the third EP by prog rock band King Crimson released in 2002, a companion to the subsequent album The Power to Believe . Many of the songs on Happy With What You Have to Be Happy With can also be found on The Power to Believe, but there are differences between recordings; this version of \"entity\" is longer by one chorus, and \"Eyes Wide Open\" uses primarily acoustic instrumentation.", "music    entity is an EP by King Crimson released in 2002. It is a kind of introduction to the album The Power to Believe, released the following year. The songs on this EP are different from those on the album. Between this version of entity and the one on the album, a chorus passage has been deleted. Likewise, the version of Eyes Wide Open present on the EP is an acoustic version.", "music    entity is a song by Trinidadian-American rapper and singer Nicki Minaj, taken from her second studio album, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded . The song also features additional vocals from R&B artist Chris Brown. entity was written by Ester Dean and Minaj, while production was handled by Pop & Oak. On March 27, 2012, entity was released as the second official single from the album to Rhythmic and Urban radio in the U.S.", "music    entity is a song by Trinidadian-American hip-hop artist Nicki Minaj from her second studio album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded. It features American R&B artist Chris Brown and was released as the second single on March 27, 2012. The music video was released on May 16, 2012. entity", "music    entity is a song performed by American singer Miley Cyrus, for the 2009 film Hannah Montana: The Movie. The song was written by Jessi Alexander and Jon Mabe, and produced by John Shanks. It was released on March 5, 2009, as the lead single of the film's soundtrack by Walt Disney Records, and is also included as a bonus track on the international release of The Time of Our Lives. The song is a power ballad with lyrics that describe life as a difficult but rewarding journey. It is styled as a country pop ballad, and was Cyrus' first solo song to be released to country radio. The instrumentation includes piano, guitar, and violins. The song is considered both a modern classic and a signature-song for Cyrus.", "music    entity is the first single from Miley Cyrus in 2009, on the album Hannah Montana, the film. It was also adapted into the singer's second album The Time of Our Lives. entity is Miley Cyrus' most critically acclaimed song. The song was nominated for the 2009 Grammy Awards in the Best song from a movie category. But as specified in the rules of this category, only songs written within the framework of one and the same film can compete.", "country    entity is a landlocked country in Central Europe. It is bordered by Poland to the north, Ukraine to the east, Hungary to the south, Austria to the southwest, and the Czech Republic to the northwest. Slovakia's mostly mountainous territory spans about 49,000 square kilometres , with a population of over 5.4 million. The capital and largest city is Bratislava, while the second largest city is Ko\u0161ice.", "country    entity is a country located in Central Europe, in the heart of continental Europe and to the east of the European Union, of which it has been a member since 2004. Its border countries are Poland in the north, Ukraine to the east, Hungary to the south, Austria to the west and Czechia to the west-northwest. Heart of Great Moravia, Slovakia was part of the Kingdom of Hungary from the 11th century. From October 28, 1918 to March 21, 1939, then from April 4, 1945 to December 31", "music    entity is the third studio album by Canadian\u2013American group the Band, released in 1970. It featured two of the group's best known songs, \"The Shape I'm In\" and \"entity\", both of which showcased inspired lead vocal performances and became staples in the group's live shows.", "music    entity is The Band's third studio album, released in 1970.", "music    entity is a song by Paul McCartney and Wings from their third studio album Band on the Run . It was the first British and American single to be released from the album. The song's title was inspired by McCartney's black Labrador named Jet. The song peaked at number 7 on both the British and American charts on 30 March 1974, also charting in multiple countries in Europe. It has since been released on numerous compilation albums, and has since become one of the band's best-known tracks.", "music    entity is a song by Paul McCartney and the Wings released in late 1973 on the album Band on the Run. Based on an easily recognizable riff, it is a rather lively rock. .", "music    entity is a song by French DJ and record producer Martin Solveig from his fifth studio album, Smash . The song was released as the album's fourth and final single on 2 April 2012. The track has charted in Belgium and Germany.", "music    entity is a song by French DJ and composer Martin Solveig released on April 2, 2012 through Mercury Records. 5th single from his 5th studio album Smash, the song is written by Martin Solveig and Micha\u00ebl Tordjman. entity is produced by Martin Solveig. The single charted in Germany, Belgium, Scotland, France and the United Kingdom.", "war    entity is a Japanese anime television series created by Tomor\u014d Yuzawa and produced by Bandai Visual and Genco, which aired in Japan on Chiba TV and other networks between January 6 and March 22, 2008, and contains twelve episodes. An original video animation episodes was included with the final anime DVD volume released on September 26, 2008. A light novel series was originally adapted from the anime's premise set by Tomor\u014d Yuzawa, featuring story composition and illustrations by Ry\u014d Amamiya and Poko, respectively. Four novels were published by MediaWorks under their Dengeki Bunko imprint between October 2006 and March 2008. Despite the novels being produce", "war    entity is a 4-volume light novel by Ry\u014d Amamiya released in 2006. It was later adapted into an anime of 12 episodes of approximately 25 minutes each and an OVA released in 2008.", "sports team    entity is a Brazilian professional football club based in the city of S\u00e3o Paulo, in the district of Perdizes. Palmeiras is one of the most popular clubs, with the most trophies and the most success in Brazil, with around 18 million supporters and 126,000 affiliated fans, including many Brazilians of Italian ancestry. Despite being primarily an association football team, Palmeiras competes in a number of different sports. The football team plays in the Campeonato Paulista, the state of S\u00e3o Paulo's premier state league, as well as in the Brasileir\u00e3o S\u00e9rie A, the top tier of the Brazilian football league system.", "sports team    entity is a Brazilian football club based in S\u00e3o Paulo and founded on August 26, 1914. Palmeiras plays in green jersey, white shorts and green socks. It is one of the most popular clubs in Brazil.", "city    entity is a district in Central London, part of the wider City of entity. The area, which extends from the River Thames to Oxford Street has many visitor attractions and historic landmarks, including the Palace of entity, Buckingham Palace, entity Abbey, entity Cathedral and much of the West End shopping and entertainment district. entity often refers to the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the Palace of entity.", "city    entity is a district in central London, historic part of the City of entity.", "sportsman    entity is a Spanish former professional basketball player. He represented the senior Spain national team. Standing at a height of 2.04 m tall, and weighing 104 kg , he plays at the power forward and center positions.", "sportsman    entity is a Spanish basketball player. Along with Jos\u00e9 Calder\u00f3n, Pau Gasol, Juan Carlos Navarro, Berni Rodr\u00edguez, Carlos Cabezas, he is part of the famous team los nin\u00f5s de oro which after the 1998 European and 1999 world junior titles, finally brings the first world title to the Spanish selection during the 2006 World Championship in Japan. His brother, Alfonso Reyes, was also a Spanish international.", "airport    entity is a railway station located in the commune of entity in the Somme department, northern France. The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains on the line from Amiens to Laon.", "airport    entity is a French railway station on the Amiens to Laon line, located 2,000 m south of the city center of Nesle, in the Somme department in the Picardy region. It was commissioned in 1867 by the Northern Railway Company. It is a station of the French National Railway Company, served by TER Picardie trains.", "music    entity is the eleventh studio album by the English rock band the Beatles, released on 26 September 1969 by Apple Records. Named after the location of EMI Studios in London, the cover features the group walking across the street's zebra crossing, an image that became one of the most famous and imitated in popular music. The album's initially mixed reviews were contrasted by its immediate commercial success, topping record charts in the UK and US. The single \"Something\" / \"Come Together\" was released in October and topped the US charts.", "music    entity is the eleventh original album released by The Beatles, released on September 26, 1969 in the United Kingdom, and October 1 in the United States. Although its release precedes that of Let It Be, released in May 1970, it is the last album recorded by the Fab Four. On August 20, 1969, the four Beatles met for the very last time in the studio and, towards the end of September, when the record appeared, John Lennon put an end to the group by announcing his final departure.", "music    entity is a song by German dance group ItaloBrothers. The song was released in Germany as a digital download on March 15, 2013. The song reached the Top 30 of Austria and Switzerland and the Top 50 in Germany. It uses many parts, for example the melody, of Sash!s track \"Ecuador\" from 1997.", "music    entity is a song by German band ItaloBrothers released in March 2013. The song is a cover of the song Ecuador by German band Sash!.", "school    entity is a public research university located in the Uxbridge area of London, England. It was founded in 1966 and named after the Victorian engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel. In June 1966, Brunel College of Advanced Technology was awarded a royal charter and became Brunel University. The university is often described as a British plate glass university.", "school    entity is an English public university located in Uxbridge in Greater London. It was founded in 1966 and takes its name from the English engineer Isambard Kingdom Brunel.", "body of water    entity is a lake of Yukon, Canada. It borders Kluane National Park, and lies along the edge of the Saint Elias Mountains. A World War II military camp was based here, at kilometre 202 of the Haines Highway, during the construction of the Haines and Alaska Highways. This camp was later converted into a lodge named Dezadeash Lodge in the 1960s. The lodge passed through various owners including Merle Lien, the father of recording artist Matthew Lien.", "body of water    entity is a lake located in the Yukon. It borders Kluane National Park and Reserve, and spans the edges of the St. Elijah Range. During World War II a military camp was set up there, at kilometer 202 of the Haines Highway during construction of this highway and the Alaska Highway. This camp was converted into accommodation in 1960.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Led Zeppelin written by guitarist Jimmy Page and singer Robert Plant. Although mostly recorded years earlier, it was released on the group's 1975 double album, Physical Graffiti.", "music    entity is the second track from Physical Graffiti, the sixth album by English rock band Led Zeppelin released in 1975. This song, written in Bron-Yr-Aur in 1970 and recorded during the Houses of the Holy sessions in 1972, was to be acoustic. However, it was decided not to put it on the Houses of the Holy album. It is therefore found on the album that followed: Physical Graffiti.", "singer    entity is a mixture of rock, ska and reggae with dol\u00e7aina rhythms, a traditional Valencian instrument, often with social and political lyrics promoting Catalan nationalism.", "singer    entity is a Valencian-speaking band from Valencia, Spain. Their music is a mixture of ska and traditional music, particularly because of the use of the dol\u00e7aina, a traditional oboe. Their lyrics call for the independence of the Catalan countries and the support of Valencian culture.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat is the town of Opole Lubelskie, which lies 44 kilometres west of the regional capital Lublin. The only other town in the county is Poniatowa, lying 8 km north-east of Opole Lubelskie.", "city    entity is a county belonging to the Lublin Voivodeship in southeastern Poland.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, singer and actress best known for her collaborations with several Death Row Records artists, including Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg on the seminal albums, The Chronic and Doggystyle. The Lady of Rage has been described as \"one of the most skillful female MCs\" with a \"mastery of flow\" and \"hard-core lyrics\".", "singer    entity is an American rapper and actress known for her numerous collaborations with Death Row Records rappers such as Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg on their respective albums, The Chronic and Doggystyle.", "city    entity is a municipality in the Vogtlandkreis district, in Saxony, Germany.", "city    entity is a municipality of Saxony, located in the district of Vogtland, in the district of Chemnitz.Portail of Saxony Portal of Saxony", "music    entity is a 1984 album by Frank Zappa. It features chamber music by the Italian composer entity, who composed between 1763 and 1788.", "music    entity is a chamber music album by Frank Zappa. Recorded entirely at the Synclavier, this concept album reveals the scores that Frank would have found of his fictitious ancestor, entity, an Italian composer of the 18th century.", "sports team    entity is a founding member of MLS, playing their first season in 1996. The Rapids are owned by the Kroenke Sports & Entertainment, also owners of the Denver Nuggets of NBA, Colorado Avalanche of NHL and other sports teams outside of the state of Colorado.", "sports team    entity are a Denver-based franchise football club that plays in MLS. The club, founded in 1995, played its matches at Mile High Stadium and then at Invesco Field at Mile High before moving to Dick's Sporting Goods Park.", "music    entity is Depeche Mode's thirty-third UK single, released on 16 June 1997, and the third single from the album Ultra. Martin Gore sings the track.", "music    entity is a song by British band Depeche Mode. It appears on the album Ultra released in 1997, and was also released as the group's thirty-third single on June 16, 1997. It is also the third, and to date last single sung by Martin L. Gore, the two others being A Question of Lust and Somebody (which was coupled with the song Blasphemous Rumors sung by Dave Gahan. The single was not released in French stores, as well as in the United States.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres north of Bielsk Podlaski and 26 km south of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok.", "airport    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Bielsk Podlaski, in the county of Bielsk Podlaski, in the voivodship of Podlasie.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 26 October 1986 at the Adelaide Street Circuit, Adelaide, Australia. It was the last of 16 races in the 1986 Formula One season, and decided a three-way tussle for the Drivers' Championship. The drivers in contention for the title were; Nigel Mansell, Nelson Piquet, both of whom were racing for the Williams-Honda team, and McLaren's Alain Prost. It was not until the 2007 Brazilian Grand Prix that there were again three possible drivers' title contenders entering the final race of the season.", "competition    entity was held on October 26 at the Adelaide Street Circuit.", "music    entity is the third studio album and first soundtrack album by English rock band Pink Floyd. It was released on 13 June 1969 in the United Kingdom by EMI Columbia and on 9 August 1969 in the United States by Tower Records. The soundtrack is for the film of the same name, which was primarily filmed on location on Ibiza and was the directorial debut of Barbet Schroeder. It was the band's first album without former leader Syd Barrett.", "music    entity is a song by Pink Floyd, featured on the album More. This is the eleventh track on the album. It also appears, in a shorter form, in the musical The Man and the Journey, under the title Sleep. The song consists of a series of sound effects, often derived from concrete music techniques.", "actor    entity is an American actor, writer, producer, and former fashion model. Involved in acting from a young age, he made his film debut in John Huston's Prizzi's Honor , and continued to play a variety of supporting roles in films such as Woody Allen's Deconstructing Harry , Sam Mendes's Road to Perdition , and Steven Spielberg's The Terminal . In 1996, he made his directorial debut with the cult comedy Big Night which he also co-wrote and starred in alongside Tony Shalhoub. He also played Stanley Kubrick in the television film The Life and Death of Peter Sellers. Tucci is also known for his collaborations with Meryl Streep in films such as The Devil Wears Prada and Julie & Julia . Tucci gained furthe", "actor    entity is an American actor, director, producer and screenwriter, born November 11, 1960 in Peekskill.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American singer Jason Derulo, released on September 16, 2011.As the executive producer of the album, Derulo collaborated with several record producers, including DJ Frank E, The Fliptones, The Outerlimits, Emanuel Kiriakou, RedOne, Jai Marlon and frequent collaborator J.R. Rotem, among others.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American R&B artist Jason Der\u00fclo, was released on September 19, 2011. The album was proceeded by the release of his first single, \"Don't Wanna Go Home\", which debuted at number one in the UK. \"It Girl\" was released as the album's second single on August 9, 2011.", "airport    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczuczyn, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres west of Szczuczyn, 18 km south-west of Grajewo, and 81 km north-west of the regional capital Bia\u0142ystok.", "airport    entity is a village in Poland, located in the gmina of Szczuczyn , in the Powiat of Grajewo, in the voivodship of Podlasie.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. He previously played in the NHL with the Calgary Flames, Anaheim Ducks, Ottawa Senators, Phoenix Coyotes, Columbus Blue Jackets, Toronto Maple Leafs, Carolina Hurricanes and Tampa Bay Lightning. McElhinney was drafted in the sixth-round of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft by the Flames, and won back-to-back Stanley Cups with the Lightning in 2020 and 2021.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian goaltender.", "music    entity is a song by American singer-songwriter Alicia Keys from her second studio album, The Diary of Alicia Keys . Written by Keys and Kerry Brothers, Jr. and produced by Keys, the song features the American group Tony! Toni! Ton\u00e9! on bass, piano, guitar, organ and Wurlitzer, while Jermaine Paul provides uncredited additional vocals. It was released on May 29, 2004, as the album's third single. At one time, entity had been released as a double A-side with \"If I Ain't Got You\".", "music    entity is a song by American recording artist Alicia Keys, featuring the band Tony! Tony! Tone!. The single was written and composed by Keys, with input from Kerry Brothers, Jr., and was released in June 2004 as the third single from his second studio album.", "music    entity is a song by the British rock band T. Rex, written by Marc Bolan. It was the band's fourth number one on the UK Singles Chart when it topped the chart for four weeks from May\u2013June 1972. It was also included on the album The Slider in 1972. Despite coming only ten months after the success of \"Get It On\", it failed to chart in the United States. The song reached No. 45 in Canada in July 1972. Bolan himself described the song's apparent religious references as this: In 2008, Freaky Trigger placed entity at number 37 in their list of \"The Top 100 Songs of All Time\".", "music    entity is a song by T. Rex released in 1972, first as a single, then on the album The Slider. This is the band's fourth and final UK No. 1. On the other hand, it did not sell enough in the United States to enter the Hot 100. The song Panic, by the Smiths, is largely inspired by entity.", "war    entity is a 1934 British drama film directed by Michael Powell. It was described by Powell as \"a sort of Warner Brothers newspaper headline story;\" and marked the first of his four films with actor Leslie Banks.", "war    entity is a British film by Michael Powell, released in 1934.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 259 inhabitants.", "sports team    entity was originally affiliated with the second incarnation of the Winnipeg Jets from 2011 to 2015. However, beginning in the 2015\u201316 AHL season, they became the top affiliate of the Montreal Canadiens of the National Hockey League after the Jets relocated their franchise back to Manitoba and the Canadiens moved the former Hamilton Bulldogs franchise to St. John's. The IceCaps were the second AHL team to be in St. John's, after the Toronto Maple Leafs' affiliate, the St. John's Maple Leafs from 1991 to 2005.", "sports team    entity are an ice hockey team from Saint John in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador in Canada. The club played in the American Hockey League from 2011 to 2015.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne featuring American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars. The second bonus track on the deluxe edition of Tha Carter IV , was released to Urban contemporary radio stations as the sixth and final single on September 13, 2011, through Young Money, Cash Money, and Universal Republic Records. Wayne, Mars, Phillip Lawrence and Ramon Owen wrote entity. Owen also handled production as REO of the Soundkillers, and the Smeezingtons. The song leaked online a few days before the album's official release in the United States. The track was produced three years before its release. Owen, with Mike Caren's help, was able to get the track to several rappers, who rejected it. Lil Wayne liked the song after hearing it, however, and his verses were added to Mars", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne. It is the sixth single from his ninth studio album, Tha Carter IV. The single is featuring Bruno Mars. entity was released in the United States on September 13, 2011 on Urban radio. The song is only featured on the Deluxe Edition of the album.", "music    entity is the 15th studio album by Joe Jackson, released in 2000. It was a revisit of the style of his 1982 album, Night and Day, featuring songs about the New York City lifestyle, seen through different characters. The cover artwork is a dark nighttime shot taken from within a New York City cab, with the World Trade Center in the foreground, taken a year prior to 9/11.", "music    entity is the fourteenth studio album by Joe Jackson, released on October 24, 2000.", "country    entity is a country located in the western coast of Central Africa. The country is bordered to the west by Gabon, to its northwest by Cameroon and its northeast by the Central African Republic, to the southeast by the DR Congo, to its south by the Angolan exclave of Cabinda and to its southwest by the Atlantic Ocean. French is the official language of the Republic of the Congo.", "country    entity is a country in Central Africa, located on either side of the equator. Its neighbors are Gabon to the west, Cameroon to the north-northwest, the Central African Republic to the north-northeast, the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the northeast, southeast and south\u2014of which it is separated, in part, by the Congo River then the Oubangui \u2014 and Cabinda to the southwest. The country extends over 1,500 km from", "music    entity was a constantly changing, revolving door of musicians throughout the 1990s, notably including Mikael \u00c5kerfeldt of the band Opeth for a period. After two death/doom albums, Dance of December Souls and Brave Murder Day , problems with Renkse's vocal cords coupled with new musical influences led the band away from the screamed vocals of death metal to a more traditional, melodic form of heavy metal music.", "music    entity is a Swedish heavy metal band from Stockholm. Formed in 1991, the group is first rooted in extreme metal, then evolves its music towards a more calm and lyrical metal.", "music    entity is a song by American electronica musician Moby. It was released as the third single from his third studio album, Everything Is Wrong on February 13, 1995. Guest vocals on the song are performed by Rozz Morehead and Kochie Banton.", "music    entity is a song by American electronic artist Moby released in 1995 as the fourth single from the album Everything is Wrong. The song also appears on Moby's EP Disk.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship. It is located in north-eastern Poland.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in entity County, Podlaskie, in northeastern Poland. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b430.14 km2 with a population of 246,873 inhabitants.", "music    entity is an album by American country music artists George Jones and Melba Montgomery released in 1963 on United Artists Records.", "music    entity is a collaborative album between American country music artists George Jones and Melba Montgomery. This album was released in 1963 on the United Artists Records label.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its seat is the village of Wi\u0105zowna, which lies approximately 7 kilometres north-east of Otwock and 23 km east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of 102.12 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 9,890. The gmina contains part of the protected area called Masovian Landscape Park.", "city    entity is a rural gmina in Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Its administrative seat is the village of Wi\u0105zowna, which lies about 7 kilometers northeast of Otwock and 23 kilometers east of Warsaw. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b102.12 km2 for a population of 9,890 inhabitants in 2006.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France. It was the site, on 4 December 1370, of the Battle of entity, a significant military engagement between England and France during the Hundred Years' War.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, with a population of 1,740 inhabitants.", "music    entity is a song by rock trio The Police, written by Sting. It is the opening track for their 1981 album Ghost in the Machine. It was released as a single in 1981 and reached No. 12 in the United Kingdom and No. 11 in the US in early 1982.", "music    entity is a song by The Police, written by Sting. This is the first title of the album Ghost in the Machine released in 1981. The song features bass, guitar, synthesizer, drums, and saxophone, played by Sting himself. The rhythm of the song is based on a Jamaican ska in the verses then a rock genre in the chorus. The single was released in 1982 and reached number 12 in the UK.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France. It lies on the river Dordogne and was enclosed within fortified walls of which little remains today.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Dordogne, in the Aquitaine region. It is the capital of the canton of entity.", "music    entity is the second studio album by the American rock band Alice in Chains, released on September 29, 1992, through Columbia Records. Peaking at No. 6 on the Billboard 200 chart, the album was also well received by music critics. It has since been certified four-times platinum by the RIAA and gone on to sell five million copies worldwide, making entity the band's highest selling album to date. It is the band's last album recorded with all four original members, as bassist Mike Starr was fired from the band in January 1993. The album spawned five singles: \"Would?\", \"Them Bones\", \"Angry Chair\", \"Rooster\", and \"Down in a Hole\"; all with accompanying music videos. entity was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance. The music video for \"Would?\" was nominated for an MTV Video Musi", "music    entity is the second studio album by Seattle-based American rock band Alice in Chains, released on September 29, 1992 by Columbia. being the band's best album and a classic from the golden age of grunge.", "competition    entity is a German former racing driver who competed in Formula One for Jordan, Benetton, Ferrari, and Mercedes. Schumacher has a joint-record seven World Drivers' Championship titles and, at the time of his retirement from the sport in 2012, he held the records for the most wins , pole positions and podium finishes \u2014which have since been broken by Hamilton\u2014while he maintains the record for the most fastest laps , amongst others.", "competition    entity is a German racing driver, nicknamed \"Schumi\" by his fans or sometimes by journalists. With seven Formula 1 world championship titles and 91 Formula 1 Grand Prix victories, he has the best track record in this sport.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American singer Alicia Keys. It was released on December 1, 2003 by J Records. The album was recorded at several recording studios, and production was handled primarily by Keys with contributions from Kanye West and Kerry Brothers Jr., who described it as \"an R&B album\".", "music    entity is Alicia Keys' second studio album, released in December 2003. The singer won the Grammy Award for Best R&B Album in 2005 for the occasion. Like her debut album Songs in A Minor, The Diary... ranked No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and sold 618,000 copies in its first week in the United States. The album would eventually sell 4 million copies in the United States and over 8 million worldwide.", "mountain    entity is 3,838 metres. The Bouquetins are the highest mountain on the main watershed of the Pennine Alps west of the Dent d'H\u00e9rens. A shelter , owned by the Swiss Alpine Club, is located at the western base of the mountain.", "mountain    entity are a group of peaks in the Pennine Alps. They are on the border between Italy and Switzerland, between the Aosta Valley and the canton of Valais.", "actor    entity was a Northern Irish football player and manager who played for Celtic.", "actor    entity was a Northern Irish international football player, emblematic member of Celtic Football Club.", "actor    entity is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Championship club Reading.", "actor    entity is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder at Reading FC.", "music    entity is the lead single from Daft Punk's third studio album Human After All. The single was released initially on 11 April 2005 with a music video, directed by and featuring the duo, preceding the single's release. While the single reached a moderately high chart position, many critics found the song overly repetitive when compared to songs from their other studio albums at the time. It features a sample of \"Release the Beast\" performed by Breakwater.", "music    entity is a song by French electronic music group Daft Punk. Released as a single on April 11, 2005, it is the first extract and the 3rd track from Human After All.", "singer    entity is an English rock and blues guitarist, singer, and songwriter, widely regarded as one of the most important and influential guitarists of all time. Clapton ranked second in Rolling Stone's list of the \"100 Greatest Guitarists of All Time\" and fourth in Gibson's \"Top 50 Guitarists of All Time\". He was also named number five in Time magazine's list of \"The 10 Best Electric Guitar Players\" in 2009.", "singer    entity is a British blues and rock guitarist, singer and songwriter, born March 30, 1945 in Ripley, near Guildford. In 2011, Rolling Stone monthly ranked him second best guitarist of all time.", "music    entity is Koda Kumi's 17th domestic single. Flower was written as the theme song for the novel Koibana and also used in the television advertisement for the novel. The lyrics were written by the author of Koibana, Yoshi. This was also the first domestic single released by Kumi that was not accompanied by a promotional music video. It reached No. 4 on the weekly Oricon Chart.", "music    entity is Kumi K\u014dda's 17th single, released under the Rhythm Zone label on August 10, 2005 in Japan. It reached #4 on the Oricon chart. It sold 36,859 copies in the first week, and remained charted for 10 weeks, for a total of 106,099 copies sold. entity was written as the theme music for the novel Koibana and was used as an advertising campaign for this same novel. The lyrics were written by the author of the short story, Yoshi.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytoczna, within Mi\u0119dzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland. It lies approximately 10 kilometres east of Przytoczna, 21 km north-east of Mi\u0119dzyrzecz, 41 km south-east of Gorz\u00f3w Wielkopolski, and 75 km north of Zielona G\u00f3ra. The village has a population of 185.", "stadium    entity is a village in the gmina of Przytoczna in Mi\u0119dzyrzecz County and Lubusz Voivodeship in Poland. It is located about 10 kilometers east of Przytoczna, 21 kilometers northeast of Mi\u0119dzyrzecz and 41 kilometers southeast of Gorz\u00f3w Wielkopolski . The village has approximately 180 inhabitants.Poland Portal Poland Portal", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of Lindau in Bavaria in Germany.", "city    entity is a municipality in Bavaria, located in the district of Lindau, in the district of Swabia. It is known for its village of Wigratzbad which is home to a Marian pilgrimage and the international seminary of the Priestly Fraternity of Saint Peter.", "mountain    entity is an Icelandic lava shield formed in one huge and protracted eruption roughly 9,000 years ago. The extensive lava fields which were produced by this eruption, flowed southwards, and formed the basin of \u00deingvallavatn, Iceland's largest lake, and \u00deingvellir, the \"Parliament Plains\" where the Icelandic national assembly, the Al\u00feing was founded in 930. The volcano summit is at 1,060 metres, and its crater measures roughly 300 metres in diameter.", "mountain    entity is a shield volcano in Iceland culminating at 1,060 meters above sea level. It is located northeast of Tingvellir National Park, between T\u00f3risj\u00f6kull to the north, Langj\u00f6kull to the northeast and Hi\u00f6eufell to the east. It is accessible by road 52 which passes to the west and road F338 which passes to the north.", "music    entity is a song by Australian rock group INXS, released in July 1982 as the first single ahead of their third studio album, Shabooh Shoobah, which appeared in October that year. At the 1982 Countdown Music Awards, the song was nominated for Best Australian Single.", "music    entity is a song by the Australian rock group INXS, released as a single in July 1982, then on the album Shabooh Shoobah, in October of the same year. Released in February 1983 in the United States, it is the first single from the band to hit the Billboard Hot 100.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Kelly Clarkson for her second studio album, Breakaway . It was written by Clarkson with the song's producers Max Martin and Dr. Luke. The song was released on April 12, 2005, as the second single from the album. Clarkson considered entity as one of her favorite songs and she once intended to name Breakaway after the song. entity is an uptempo song that incorporates crunchy guitars which are pulsated with driving beats and anthemic choruses; it narrates Clarkson's broken relationship with her ex-boyfriend.", "music    entity is a song performed by the American singer Kelly Clarkson, written by the latter in collaboration with Dr Luke and Max Martin, and produced by them. The title was officially sent to American radio stations as the third single from Clarkson's second opus, Breakaway, on April 12, 2005. Being one of Kelly's favorite songs, her second album was to bear the name of the song, a proposal not retained by her label which opted for Breakaway.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 28 October 2012 at the Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida, Uttar Pradesh, India. The race was the seventeenth round of the 2012 championship, and marked the second running of the Indian Grand Prix.", "competition    entity is the 875th Formula One World Championship event run since 1950.", "airport    entity is a commune in the H\u00e9rault department in the Occitanie region in southern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Herault and the Languedoc-Roussillon region.", "body of water    entity is a tributary of the Missouri River, 729 mi long, in the U.S. state of Montana and the Canadian province of Alberta. Rising in the Rocky Mountains, the river drains a sparsely populated, semi-arid watershed of 23,800 sq mi , ending just east of Fort Peck, Montana.", "body of water    entity is a river in North America. 1,173 km long, it crosses the American state of Montana and the Canadian province of Alberta. It empties into the Missouri and is therefore a sub-tributary of the Mississippi.", "singer    entity is a Croatian-American physicist and electrical engineer known for wireless non-radiative energy transfer.", "singer    entity is a Croatian physicist and electrical engineer known for the invention of wireless non-radiative energy transfer .", "city    entity is an urban-rural gmina in Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Krotoszyn, which lies approximately 88 kilometres south-east of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The gmina covers an area of 255.52 square kilometres , and as of 2006 its total population is 40,360 .", "city    entity is a mixed gmina in entity County, Greater Poland, in west-central Poland. Its seat is the town of entity, which lies approximately 88 km southeast of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The gmina covers an area of \u200b\u200b255.52 km2 with a population of 40,360.", "music    entity is a Canadian rock band formed in 1995 in Hanna, Alberta. It is composed of guitarist and lead vocalist Chad Kroeger, guitarist, keyboardist and backing vocalist Ryan Peake, bassist Mike Kroeger, and drummer Daniel Adair. It went through several drummer changes between 1995 and 2005, achieving its current lineup when Adair replaced Ryan Vikedal. entity is based in Vancouver, British Columbia. It originally published through EMI Canada before signing a global distribution deal with Roadrunner Records. For Here and Now, it left EMI Canada for Universal Music Canada.", "music    entity is a Canadian rock band created in the province of Alberta in Canada. The band currently consists of Chad Kroeger on vocals and lead guitar, Ryan Peake on rhythm guitar, Mike Kroeger on bass guitar and Daniel Adair on drums and percussion, he is the fourth drummer after Ryan Vikedal, Mitch Guindon and Brandon Kroeger.", "singer    entity is an Italian trumpeter and composer.", "singer    entity is an Italian classical trumpeter and composer. Acclaimed worldwide as the most versatile, generous and sensitive Italian trumpeter, his repertoire ranging from great trumpet concertos of baroque splendor, classical, to great film music, Mauro Maur has been quoted by major newspapers and world reviews.", "war    entity is a computer wargame by Mattel Interactive based on the game Panzer General 3D Assault.", "war    entity is a wargame type video game developed and published by Mattel in September 2000. The game is based on Panzer General 3D Assault, developed by Strategic Simulations, the studio having been acquired by Mattel. The game takes place on the Eastern Front during World War II.", "music    entity is a protest song by American hip hop group N.W.A that appears on the 1988 album Straight Outta Compton as well as on the N.W.A's Greatest Hits compilation. The lyrics protest police brutality and racial profiling and the song was ranked number 425 on Rolling Stone's 2003 list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. In 2021, Rolling Stone re-ranked the song at number 190 in an updated list.", "music    entity is a song by American hip-hop group NWA, released in August 1988. It is the second single from their debut album, Straight Outta Compton.", "music    entity is a song by the progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released as the seventh track on their 1994 album The Division Bell. It was also released as a single on 16 May 1994, the first from the album, and Pink Floyd's first for seven years. The music for the song was written by guitarist David Gilmour and album co-producer Bob Ezrin, with lyrics by Gilmour, his wife Polly Samson and Nick Laird-Clowes.", "music    entity is a song by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd. It is the seventh title of the album The Division Bell, in 1994. It is one of the rare songs of the work of the group which speaks about love. Unlike the rest of the album, this song is closer to pop rock than progressive rock.", "music    entity is the second album by American rock band Survivor, released in August 1981 in the United States and February 1982 elsewhere. It was the first album to use the Survivor script logo. The album, along with many other Survivor albums, was briefly taken out of print in 2009, but was remastered and reissued the following year and distributed by Rock Candy Records. The album includes the singles \"Poor Man's Son\" , one of the songs that would be part of their live set list, and \"Summer Nights\" . A song named Missing Persons was recorded for the album but left out from the final cut.", "music    entity is a Survivor album released in 1981.", "music    entity is a song written and recorded by English singer-songwriter, Ed Sheeran. It was produced by Pharrell Williams, who also provided backing vocals. The song was released by Asylum Records UK on 7 April 2014 as the lead single from Sheeran's second studio album, \u00d7 . entity became Sheeran's first UK number-one single and also topped the charts in Australia, New Zealand and Ireland. It peaked at number 13 on the US Billboard Hot 100.", "music    entity is a musical single by English singer Ed Sheeran released in 2014. The title is taken from the album x.", "actor    entity is a French politician was a Member of the European Parliament for the \u00cele-de-France until 2019. She is a member of the Socialist Party; part of the Party of European Socialists. On 28 July 2004, Ber\u00e8s was elected Chair of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs. She was the rapporteur of the Special Committee on the Financial, Economic and Social Crisis .", "actor    entity is a French Socialist Party politician. A Member of the European Parliament, she chaired the Commission for Economic and Monetary Affairs of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2009. Since 2009, she has chaired the Commission for Employment and Social Affairs of the European Parliament. She is the daughter of Pierre Ber\u00e8s and Annick Blanchy.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by English electronic band Sneaker Pimps. It was first released on 19 August 1996 in the United Kingdom by Clean Up Records and on 25 February 1997 in the United States by Virgin Records. The album marked the only appearance of Kelli Dayton as lead singer before she was asked to leave the band; Chris Corner replaced her for the band's subsequent albums.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by the Sneaker Pimps, released on August 19, 1996.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the American Hockey League .", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "music    entity is an American independent record label company founded by brothers Max and Sol Stanley Weiss in 1949. The early years of the company were dedicated to issuing recordings by jazz pianist Dave Brubeck, who was also one of its investors, but the label is known more for its recordings of comedian Lenny Bruce, jazz pianist Vince Guaraldi, the 1960s rock band Creedence Clearwater Revival, and Disco/R&B singer Sylvester.", "music    entity is a record company founded in 1949 in San Francisco by brothers Max Weiss and Sol Weiss. It was bought in 1967 by Saul Zaentz.", "sports team    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward. He is currently playing for the Kiekko-Espoo in Finnish second tier. Hirschovits was drafted by the New York Rangers as their sixth-round pick, 194th overall, in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft.", "sports team    entity is a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He plays as a striker.", "city    entity is a department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region on the southwestern coast of France. Named after the river Charente, its prefecture is La Rochelle. As of 2016, it had a population of 642,191 with an area of 6,864 square kilometres .", "city    entity is a department that is part of the South-West of France, geographically falling under the \"Midi Atlantique\". Administratively belonging to the Poitou-Charentes region, it is divided into five arrondissements, and bears the number 17 in the departmental numbering French.", "war    entity is a 1987 American fantasy slasher film directed by Chuck Russell. The story was developed by Wes Craven and Bruce Wagner and is the third installment in the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise and stars Heather Langenkamp, Patricia Arquette, Larry Fishburne, Priscilla Pointer, Craig Wasson, and Robert Englund as Freddy Krueger. The film was preceded by A Nightmare on Elm Street 2: Freddy's Revenge and followed by A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master .", "war    entity is a 1987 American film directed by Chuck Russell.", "singer    entity is an American singer, actress, and producer. Born and raised in Texas, Gomez began her acting career on the children's television series Barney & Friends . In her teenage years, she rose to prominence for her lead role as Alex Russo in the Disney Channel television series Wizards of Waverly Place .", "singer    entity is an American actress and singer of Mexican descent. Selena started her career by performing the role of Alex Russo in Wizards of Waverly Place on the Disney Channel children's channel. In 2009, Selena formed her group Selena Gomez & the Scene, the group released three albums: Kiss & Tell, A Year Without Rain and When The Sun Goes Down.", "brand    entity is a German motor vehicle manufacturer headquartered in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony, Germany. Founded in 1937 by the German Labour Front, known for their iconic Beetle, it is the flagship brand of the entity Group, the largest car maker by worldwide sales in 2016 and 2017. The group's biggest market is in China, which delivers 40% of its sales and profits. The German term Volk translates to \"people\", thus entity translates to \"people's car\".", "brand    entity is a German automobile brand created in 1936 by Ferdinand Porsche. It now belongs to the entity AG group, whose current chairman of the supervisory board is Ferdinand Pi\u00ebch. In 2013, it was the world's second largest car manufacturer with 9.73 million vehicles sold worldwide behind Toyota.", "city    entity is the capital and largest city of the Spanish autonomous community of Andalusia and the province of Seville. It is situated on the lower reaches of the River Guadalquivir, in the southwest of the Iberian Peninsula. The 20th century in Seville saw the tribulations of the Spanish Civil War, decisive cultural milestones such as the Ibero-American Exposition of 1929 and Expo '92, and the city's election as the capital of the Autonomous Community of Andalusia.", "city    entity is a city in southern Spain, capital of the province of entity and of the autonomous community of Andalusia.", "city    entity is a city and county seat of entity County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 1,650 at the 2010 census.", "city    entity is the county seat of Bowman County in the state of North Dakota. According to the 2010 census, its population is 1,650. Total area: 3.4 km2.", "music    entity is a part-studio, part-live double album by John Lennon and Yoko Ono, with the American rock band Elephant's Memory. Released in June 1972 in the US and in September 1972 in the UK on Apple Records, it is the third album to bear Lennon's name since he left the Beatles, and his fourth with Ono. Like Lennon's previous solo albums, it was co-produced by Lennon, Ono and Phil Spector. The album's lyrics are very politically charged compared to its predecessors, discussing political and social issues and topics such as sexism, incarceration, colonialism, and racism.", "music    entity is a double album by John Lennon and Yoko Ono, released in June 1972.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey team based in Munich, Germany. The club is a member of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga , the highest level of play in professional German ice hockey. The club has won 3 DEL titles in a row, as well as German Cup in 2010. The team plays its home games at Olympia Eishalle.", "sports team    entity is a German professional ice hockey club based in Munich, playing DEL, the elite league.", "airport    entity is a commune of the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Loir-et-Cher, in the Center region.", "city    entity is a city and county borough in Wales, situated on the River Usk close to its confluence with the Severn Estuary, 12 miles northeast of Cardiff. With a population of 145,700 at the 2011 census, entity is the third-largest authority with city status in Wales, and seventh most populous overall. entity became a unitary authority in 1996 and forms part of the Cardiff-entity metropolitan area. entity was the site of the last large-scale armed insurrection in Great Britain, the entity Rising of 1839.", "city    entity is located in South Wales, in the Gwent region, on the River Wysg or Usk. The town is home to the ruins of the Roman Caerleon Castle. Its inhabitants are Newportonians. Newport has a campus of approximately 10,000 students. The city is famous for its bridges and vibrant nightlife.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina B\u0142\u0119d\u00f3w, within Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.", "stadium    entity is a Polish village in the Gmina of B\u0142\u0119d\u00f3w in Gr\u00f3jec County, Masovian Voivodeship in east-central Poland.", "movie    entity is an American film studio and production company that is a member of the Sony Pictures Motion Picture Group, a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment's Sony Pictures, itself is a subsidiary of the Japanese multinational conglomerate Sony Group Corporation. TriStar Pictures is a sister studio of the older Sony studio Columbia Pictures. TriStar Pictures was established on March 2, 1982 and founded by Victor Kaufman as Nova Pictures.", "movie    entity is a motion picture production and distribution company founded by Victor Kaufman. entity is a subsidiary of Columbia entity Motion Picture Group, a Sony Pictures group company.", "music    entity is a collection by The Hives released in 2001, featuring tracks from their first two albums and the A.K.A. I-D-I-O-T EP. It was released by Alan McGee's Poptones record label, which was licensed the band's songs by Burning Heart Records. The decision to release such a compilation was made with the intention of achieving mainstream success in the UK and other territories. The album was featured in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.", "music    entity is an album by The Hives, it is the best-of of the band's first two albums.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race that was held on 28 August 2011, at Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Spa, Belgium. It was the twelfth round of the 2011 Formula One season and the 67th Belgian Grand Prix to be held. The 44-lap race was won by Red Bull Racing's Sebastian Vettel, the drivers' championship leader, after starting from pole position. Vettel's teammate Mark Webber finished in second place, and Jenson Button completed the podium in third position for McLaren.", "competition    entity is the 851st round of the Formula 1 world championship run since 1950 and the twelfth round of the 2011 championship. After taking his ninth pole position of the season, German driver Sebastian Vettel won his seventh Grand Prix of the year, the first of his career at Spa-Francorchamps, at the wheel of his Red Bull RB7.", "music    entity is the fourth single from 50 Cent's third album, Curtis. The song, featuring Justin Timberlake and vocals from Timbaland, who also produced the song along with Danja, is about a man who is tired of using technology, and peaked at number five on the Billboard Hot 100. Internationally, the song peaked within the top ten of the charts in many countries, including Australia, Denmark and the United Kingdom. The song has since been covered by Milow, a Belgian singer-songwriter whose version was successful in a number of countries, including Belgium, Spain, Germany, Italy, and the Netherlands. The song was also covered by Skyla, a British singer-songwriter whose version was popular in the dance genre and Katerine Avgoustakis, another Belgian singer, whose version was very success", "music    entity is a song by American rapper 50 Cent taken from his third album, Curtis, which features Justin Timberlake and Timbaland, the latter having produced the music. The track was released as the album's fourth single. It reached number 2 and 5 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100 and the UK Singles Chart. The Belgian artist Milow has taken up this title in a more acoustic version.", "music    entity is a song by English electronic band Depeche Mode. It is the opening track on their eleventh studio album, Playing the Angel .", "music    entity is a single by Depeche Mode. It is the first track from the Playing the Angel album, the second single from it, and the band's forty-second single. The single was released on December 12, 2005 by record label Mute Records. It is remixed by other artists from the Mute label like Goldfrapp, and Jacques Lu Cont.", "actor    entity is a long short story by Jules Verne, written in 1851. It appeared in the Mus\u00e9e des familles from July 10 through August 11, 1852. The text was later revised and enlarged for publication in book form.", "actor    entity is a long short story by Jules Verne, written in 1851. It appears in the Family Museum from No. 10 to No. 11. Thereafter, it will integrate the Extraordinary Voyages, following the Chancellor, with a revised text.", "music    entity is the second studio album by American singer Lady Gaga, released by Interscope Records on May 23, 2011. It was co-written and co-produced by Gaga with several producers, including RedOne and Fernando Garibay, who had previously worked with her. She also worked with artists such as E Street Band saxophonist Clarence Clemons and Queen guitarist Brian May.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American singer Lady Gaga, released on May 23, 2011 and produced by Interscope Records. Preceding its release, the album's self-titled lead single, entity was released on February 11, 2011. Its second single Judas was released on iTunes on April 15, 2011 following an internet leak; its initial release was scheduled for April 19, 2011. A third track, The Edge of Glory, was released on May 9 at 10:00 p.m. in mainland France.", "mall    entity is a 366 ft highrise office building in Downtown Columbus, Ohio. The cornerstone for the building was laid on October 21, 1986, and it was completed the next year. NBBJ designed the building after the post-modern architectural style. entity was constructed for $62 million and is the 11th tallest in Columbus. The staggered facade allows for 15 corner offices on every floor. It has 37,855 m\u864f of floor space and sits on the former site of the Deshler Hotel.", "mall    entity is a 112 meter high skyscraper built in Columbus in the United States in 1987. It houses offices. The stepped facade of the building creates 15 corner offices for each floor. The floor area of \u200b\u200bthe building is 37,855 sq m. It cost $62 million at the time. The building was designed by NBBJ architecture agency", "city    entity is a municipality of Spain located in the autonomous community of Castile\u2013La Mancha, capital of the province of entity. It is the 5th most populated municipality in the region.", "city    entity is a city in Spain located 200 km south of Madrid, capital of the homonymous province, in the autonomous community of Castilla-La Mancha.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Smiths. Released in August 1987, it reached No. 13 in the UK Singles Chart. It was the first of three UK singles from the band's fourth and final studio album, Strangeways, Here We Come.", "music    entity is a song by The Smiths from the album Strangeways, Here We Come. The single entered the UK charts on August 22, 1987 and remained there for 5 weeks. The single also charted in the Netherlands at number 44 and number 29 in New Zealand.The single features a Cilla Black cover with the title Work Is a Four-Letter Word as the b-side.", "war    entity is the eighth studio album by the Austrian blackened death metal band Belphegor. It was released in 2009 on Nuclear Blast Records . Like its predecessors, Pestapokalypse VI and Bondage Goat Zombie, the album was recorded and produced with German producer Andy Classen. On August 25 the band made the song \"Walpurgis Rites\" available for streaming on their Myspace page along with the lyrics on their website. As of October 1 the video for 'Der Geisterstreiber' is now available.", "war    entity is the eighth studio album by Austrian black death metal band Belphegor. The album was released on October 9, 2009 under Nuclear Blast Records. The track Walpurgis Rites has been available on the band's Myspace page since August 25. .", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Kelly Clarkson for her fourth studio album, All I Ever Wanted , released as the second single from the album. It was written by Kara DioGuardi, Greg Wells and Katy Perry. Perry had originally written the song for her own album, but following her removal from Def Jam, she gave entity and \"Long Shot\" to Clarkson. RCA Records serviced entity to mainstream radio in the United States on April 14, 2009. entity is a dance-rock and power pop song that is structured upon a muscular arrangement with lyrics about empowerment and healthy relationships.", "music    entity is the second single from American singer Kelly Clarkson's fourth studio album, All I Ever Wanted, released in 2009.", "government    entity was one of the two major political parties in the United Kingdom with the opposing Conservative Party in the 19th and early 20th centuries. The party arose from an alliance of Whigs and free trade\u2013supporting Peelites and the reformist Radicals in the 1850s. By the end of the 19th century, it had formed four governments under William Gladstone. Despite being divided over the issue of Irish Home Rule, the party returned to government in 1905 and then won a landslide victory in the following year's general election.", "government    entity was one of Britain's two main political parties from the early 19th century until the 1920s, and a party of varying importance until 1988, when it merged with the Social Democratic Party to form the party Liberal Democrats.", "actor    entity is an American actress perhaps best remembered for her appearances in Crossfire and The Narrow Margin. She worked for both MGM and RKO in the 1940s and 1950s.", "actor    entity is an American actress, born November 23, 1922 in Beverly Hills, Los Angeles, California.", "music    entity is a song by English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys from their fifth studio album, AM. The song was released as the album's sixth overall single on 9 June 2014, impacting contemporary hit radio in the United Kingdom.", "music    entity is the sixth single by indie rock band Arctic Monkeys from their album AM, released on June 9, 2014.", "actor    entity is an American actress. She has been credited as an influential figure in the movement for equal salary for women in Hollywood, and was one of the highest-paid actresses through the 1980s and 1990s. Her accolades include nominations for a Critics' Choice Movie Award, two Golden Globe Awards, a Primetime Emmy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award. She is recognized as a sex symbol for her looks and media image.", "actor    entity is an American actress, film producer and photographic model.", "music    entity is the third studio album and first soundtrack album by English rock band Pink Floyd. It was released on 13 June 1969 in the United Kingdom by EMI Columbia and on 9 August 1969 in the United States by Tower Records. The soundtrack is for the film of the same name, which was primarily filmed on location on Ibiza and was the directorial debut of Barbet Schroeder. It was the band's first album without former leader Syd Barrett.", "music    entity is an instrumental by Pink Floyd, featured on the album More. This is the tenth track on the album. Composed by the whole group, this piece is one of the rare true blues recorded by Pink Floyd.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paj\u0119czno, within Paj\u0119czno County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres south of Paj\u0119czno and 82 km south-west of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The village has a population of 205.", "stadium    entity is a village in Paj\u0119czno Gmina , Paj\u0119czno County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland.", "body of water    entity is a 777-kilometre-long river in northern France. Its drainage basin is in the Paris Basin covering most of northern France. It rises at Source-Seine, 30 kilometres northwest of Dijon in northeastern France in the Langres plateau, flowing through Paris and into the English Channel at Le Havre . It is navigable by ocean-going vessels as far as Rouen, 120 kilometres from the sea. Over 60 percent of its length, as far as Burgundy, is negotiable by large barges and most tour boats, and nearly its whole length is available for recreational boating; excursion boats offer sightseeing tours of the river banks in the capital city, Paris.", "body of water    entity is a French river, 777 kilometers long, which flows in the Paris Basin and waters Troyes, Paris, Rouen and Le Havre. Its source is located 446 m above sea level in Source-Seine, in C\u00f4te-d'Or on the Langres plateau. Its course has a general orientation from south-east to north-west. It flows into the English Channel between Le Havre and Honfleur. Its catchment area, covering an area of \u200b\u200b79,000 km2, is of interest to nearly 30% of the country's population.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays de la Loire in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Sarthe in the Pays de la Loire region, populated by 396 inhabitants.", "mountain    entity is a mountain of the Fribourg Prealps, located on the border between the cantons of Fribourg and Vaud in western Switzerland. Reaching a height of 2,389 metres above sea level, the Vanil Noir is the highest summit of the canton of Fribourg and of the Alpine foothills lying north of the Saane and Simme . It is also the northernmost point in the canton of Vaud above 2,300 metres and the most prominent summit of both cantons.", "mountain    entity is a summit of the Friborg Pre-Alps culminating at 2,389 meters above sea level, located on the border between the canton of Friborg and the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.", "actor    entity is an Australian model who appeared in the Swimsuit Issue of the American publication Sports Illustrated every year from 2008 to 2015. She works extensively in Australia and Asia. Gomes was the featured spokesperson for Australian company David Jones Limited from 2013 to Dec 2019. She has also been a spokesperson for South Korean conglomerates LG Electronics and Hyundai. Gomes served as the face of the Estee Lauder/Sean John fragrance \"Unforgivable\".", "actor    entity is an Australian model, muse of conglomerates LG Electronics and Hyundai.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Kasabian and is the lead single from their third album, West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum. It was released 1 June 2009. On the week of its release, it debuted at number 3 on the UK Singles Chart, making it their first UK top-three entry and their highest-charting single to date as well as their fourth UK top-ten single. entity also debuted at number one in Scotland, becoming Kasabian's highest-charting single there as well. On the Australian ARIA Singles Chart, it debuted at number 44 peaked at number 41.", "music    entity is the lead single from British rock band Kasabian's third studio album released on June 1, 2009. It reached number 3 on the UK Singles Chart.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Be\u0142chat\u00f3w, within Be\u0142chat\u00f3w County, \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres east of Be\u0142chat\u00f3w and 47 km south of the regional capital \u0141\u00f3d\u017a. The village has a population of 160.", "stadium    entity is a village in Be\u0142chat\u00f3w Gmina , Be\u0142chat\u00f3w County , \u0141\u00f3d\u017a Voivodeship , located in central Poland .", "music    entity is a British record label founded by Chris Parry in 1978, owned by Universal Music Group and based in the United Kingdom. It is best known for being the home of The Cure for over 20 years. It was originally a part of Polydor, but on January 2014, Universal restructured Fiction as a standalone label, removing it from Polydor's corporate affiliation. Fiction repertoire is now released internationally through Caroline .", "music    entity is an independent British label founded in 1978 by Chris Parry, then artistic director at Polydor, with the aim of publishing the records of the group The Cure. The firm's first production was the 45 rpm Killing an Arab/10:15 Saturday Night released on February 6, 1979, which therefore bears the number Fics1. At that time, the label also produced the works of other groups such as Purple Hearts, Back To Zero, The Associates, Tim Pope or Eat.", "movie    entity is an American screenwriter and film director. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay in 1991 for Bugsy. He has directed films including The Pick-up Artist, Two Girls and a Guy and Black and White.", "movie    entity is an American screenwriter, director, actor and producer born November 23, 1944 in New York, New York.", "actor    entity was a Chinese playwright, drama and film director, screenwriter, and film theorist. He was one of the most prominent film directors and screenwriters in pre-Communist China, together with Shi Dongshan, Cai Chusheng, and Zheng Junli. His most famous film was Women Side by Side .", "actor    entity is a Chinese playwright, director, screenwriter, and film theorist. Considered one of the most important directors and screenwriters of pre-communism, along with Shi Dongshan, Cai Chusheng, and Zheng Junli, his most famous film is Women Side by Side.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in south-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Hautes-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es department in the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region. It is part of the Community of communes of the Haute Vall\u00e9e d'Aure.", "city    entity is the second-largest city in Sweden, fifth-largest in the Nordic countries, and capital of the V\u00e4stra G\u00f6taland County. It is situated by Kattegat, on the west coast of Sweden, and has a population of approximately 570,000 in the city proper and about 1 million inhabitants in the metropolitan area. entity is served by G\u00f6teborg Landvetter Airport 25 km southeast of the city center. The smaller G\u00f6teborg City Airport, 15 km from the city center, was closed to regular airline traffic in 2015.", "city    entity is the fifth largest city in the Nordic countries and the largest that is not a capital. Gothenburg is Sweden's second largest city in terms of its demographic weight as well as its industry and economic activities.", "army    entity was a major general in the United States Army.", "army    entity is a major general in the United States Army.", "music    entity is the twelfth studio album by English rock band entity, released on 3 October 1983 by Charisma and Virgin Records in the UK and by Atlantic Records in the US and Canada. Following the band's tour in support of their 1982 live album Three Sides Live, entity took an eight-month break before they regrouped in the spring of 1983 to record a new album. It is their first written and recorded in its entirety at their studio named The Farm in Chiddingfold, Surrey, and the songs were developed through jam sessions in the studio with nothing written beforehand. Hugh Padgham returned as their engineer.", "music    entity is the twelfth album by the English group entity, released in 1983. It contains among others Mama and That's All.", "royal    entity was a British public servant and prominent member of Victorian society. In his youth he was a popular figure in the court of Queen Victoria, and became well known to the public after publishing a best-selling account of his travels in the North Atlantic.", "royal    entity was the 3rd Governor General of Canada from 1872 to 1878 and Viceroy of India from 1884 to 1888.", "music    entity is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga, taken from her second studio album, Born This Way . She also co-produced it with Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange. The track samples Queen's \"We Will Rock You\" and features electric guitar by Queen's Brian May. Gaga debuted entity in June 2010 during her performance at Elton John's White Tie and Tiara Ball. Footage of the performance appeared on the Internet, and positive response encouraged her to include the song on her setlist for The Monster Ball Tour. She later performed the song on Today to a record crowd in July 2010, and on The Oprah Winfrey Show in May 2011. On August 23, 2011, Interscope Records released the song as the fourth single from the album.", "music    entity is a song by American singer Lady Gaga from her third studio album Born This Way, written by Gaga and produced by Robert John \"Mutt\" Lange. Lady Gaga performed the song in public for the first time at the White Tie and Tiara Ball, and on July 7, 2010, Gaga announced that the song would be part of the track listing for her album Born This Way. Yo\u00fc and I was announced as a new single by Gaga herself on KAMP-FM radio.", "music    entity is a 1994 song by British rock band Blur. It was released as the lead single from the group's third album, Parklife . Charting at number five on the UK Singles Chart, entity was Blur's first top 5 hit and their most successful single until \"Country House\" reached number one the following year. The single surpassed their previous commercial peak \"There's No Other Way\" by three spots on the UK Singles Chart, and saw the group achieve greater worldwide success. In the US, the track reached number 59 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart, becoming the band's second single to hit the chart after \"There's No Other Way\". It also reached number four on the Billboard Modern Rock songs chart.", "music    entity is the eighth single from Blur, taken from the album Parklife.", "actor    entity is a retired United States Navy four-star admiral who served as the ninth commander of the United States Special Operations Command from August 8, 2011 to August 28, 2014. From 2015 to 2018, he was the chancellor of The University of Texas System. McRaven was named as a possible choice to be nominated as U.S. Secretary of Defense by President-elect Joe Biden. However, Biden nominated retired general Lloyd Austin.", "actor    entity is an American Admiral who has been at the head of the United States Special Operations Command since August 8, 2011.", "music    entity is a live album by Deep Purple. After the band's demise in 1976, a live album called Last Concert in Japan was released in 1977. It was compiled from a show the band did in Tokyo on 15 December 1975. It was heavily edited and, coming on the heels of their previous Japanese-recorded album Made in Japan, it failed to deliver, and was never released neither in UK nor in the US. In 2001, the complete show was released as entity '75.", "music    entity is a live album by British hard rock band Deep Purple. After the band broke up in 1976, a live album called Last Concert in Japan was released in 1977, collecting portions of the band's concerts in Tokyo from December 1975. However, this album was not a commercial success, being far inferior to Made in Japan and was not even published in the United States. It was actually taken from the soundtrack of a quick stereo mix made for television.", "music    entity is a song with music and lyrics by the American musician and record producer Allen Toussaint. It was an international hit for Lee Dorsey in 1966, and has been recorded by other musicians including Devo in 1981.", "music    entity is a song by Allen Toussaint.", "singer    entity is known primarily as a member of the household and workshop of painter Diego Vel\u00e1zquez, who freed him in 1650. His 1661 work The Calling of Saint Matthew is on display at the Museo del Prado in Madrid, Spain.", "singer    entity is a Spanish Baroque painter of Moorish origin. A slave of Diego V\u00e9lasquez, he trained in his studio.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 24 July 1988 at the Hockenheimring, Hockenheim. It was the ninth race of the 1988 Formula One World Championship. The 44-lap race was won from pole position by Ayrton Senna, driving a McLaren-Honda, with teammate Alain Prost second and Gerhard Berger third in a Ferrari. The win, Senna's fifth of the season, moved him to within three points of Prost at the top of the Drivers' Championship.", "competition    Results of the 1988 Formula 1 German Motor Grand Prix held at the Hockenheimring on July 24, 1988.", "war    entity is a 1936 melodrama film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Margaret Sullavan, James Stewart and Ray Milland. The adapted screenplay was by Melville Baker, with an uncredited Preston Sturges and Doris Anderson, based on Ursula Parrott's 1935 novel Next Time We Live, which was serialized before publication as Say Goodbye Again. The film is also known as Next Time We Live in the U.K.", "war    entity is an American film directed by Edward H. Griffith], released in 1936.", "music    entity is the debut solo studio album by American singer Justin Timberlake. It was released on November 5, 2002, by Jive Records. The album was written and recorded in a six-week period as Timberlake's band NSYNC was on hiatus. Half of the tracks were originally written for Michael Jackson by the Neptunes and later modified. For his solo album, Timberlake began to adopt a more mature image as an R&B artist opposed to the previous pop music recorded by the group. The majority of the album was produced by the Neptunes and Timbaland, and features guest appearances by Janet Jackson, Clipse, and Bubba Sparxxx.Primarily an R&B album, entity also contains influences of dance-pop, funk, and soul music.", "music    entity is Justin Timberlake's first solo studio album, released on November 4, 2002. His collaborations on NERD hits and hit Where Is the Love? of the Black Eyed Peas is only a precursor of what will be the album entity: a rhythmic sound tinged with R'n'B. We see in this young artist a new Michael Jackson as much by his tone of voice as by his absolutely scathing dance steps.", "city    entity is the capital city of North Rhine-Westphalia, the most populous state of Germany. It is the second-largest city in the state and the seventh-largest city in Germany, with a population of 617,280.", "city    entity is a city in western Germany and the capital of the Land of North Rhine-Westphalia. Located mainly on the right bank of the Rhine, it is at the heart of the vast agglomeration of Rhine-Ruhr, which has around ten million inhabitants.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in the Brittany region.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Muse, released on 20 August 2001 as the third single from their second studio album Origin of Symmetry .", "music    entity is a single by British rock band Muse, released on August 20, 2001 from their album Origin of Symmetry.", "airport    entity is a railway station located in the commune of entity in the Oise department, France. The station is served by TER Hauts-de-France trains from Creil to Beauvais.", "airport    entity is a French railway station on the Creil to Beauvais line, located on the territory of the municipality of Villers-Saint-S\u00e9pulcre, in the department of Oise in the Picardy region. It is a Railway stop of the French National Railway Company served by TER Picardie trains.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Orne department in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the department of Orne in the Lower Normandy region, populated by 68 inhabitants.", "mountain    entity is a county located in the U.S. state of Nebraska. As of the 2010 United States Census, the population was 5,713. Its county seat is Valentine. The county was named for Lt. Samuel A. Cherry, an Army officer who was stationed at Fort Niobrara and who had been killed in South Dakota in 1881. entity is in the Nebraska Sandhills. It is the largest county in the state at nearly 6,000 square miles, larger than the state of Connecticut.", "mountain    entity is a county in the state of Nebraska, United States. It owes its name to Lt. Samuel A. Cherry, an army officer killed in 1881 in South Dakota.", "movie    entity was a Japanese film director, screenwriter, film producer, and author, who directed 48 films and wrote scripts for 238. His best known films as a director include Children of Hiroshima, The Naked Island, Onibaba, Kuroneko and A Last Note. His screenplays were filmed by directors such as Kenji Mizoguchi, K\u014dzabur\u014d Yoshimura, Kon Ichikawa, Keisuke Kinoshita, Seijun Suzuki, and Tadashi Imai.", "movie    entity is a Japanese film director, screenwriter and producer.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rapper Lloyd Banks, released on June 29, 2004, by G-Unit Records and Interscope Records.", "music    entity is Lloyd Banks' debut studio album, released on June 29, 2004. The album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on June 29, 2004.", "body of water    entity is a large, glacially created lake in Leesburg, Kosciusko County, Indiana and, at 123 feet deep, is the deepest natural lake in the state.", "body of water    entity is a glacial lake located in Kosciusko County in the state of Indiana in the United States. The surface area of \u200b\u200bthe lake reaches 360 km2. Its average depth is 11 meters with depths of up to 37 meters. The waters of the lake are evacuated by the emissary of the Tippecanoe river which itself flows into the Wabash river which is a tributary of the Ohio river which flows into the Mississippi river. water Indiana portal Indiana portal", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by British-American rapper/producer MF DOOM, released by Rhymesayers in November 2004. The album peaked at number 17 on Billboard's Independent Albums chart, and number 9 on Heatseekers Albums chart. The title entity is an anagram of \"MF DOOM\".", "music    entity is MF DOOM's second studio album, released on November 16, 2004 and re-released in 2007. The album ranked #9 on Top Heatseekers and #17 on Top Independent Albums.", "music    entity is a song by Dutch DJ and record producer Martin Garrix and Belgian DJ duo Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike. The song was released by Spinnin' Records as the official 2014 anthem for Dutch dance event Sensation. It was released as a digital download on 20 April 2014 on Beatport and on 20 June 2014 on iTunes in the United Kingdom. The song debuted at number 30 on the UK Singles Chart, and also charted in Belgium, France and the Netherlands. It was written by Dimitri Thivaios, Martijn Garritsen and Michael Thivaios.", "music    entity is a song by Greek-Belgian disc jockey duo Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike and producer Martin Garrix. It was released as a digital download on June 20, 2014 initially in the UK. The song charted in Belgium, France and the Netherlands, among others. The song debuted at number 30 on the UK Singles Chart. The song is written by Dimitri Thivaios, Michael Thivaios, and Martin Garrix.", "mountain    entity is the highest peak in the Tannheim Mountains. It lies in the Austrian state of Tyrol. Originally the mountain was known locally as the Metzenarsch, but when in 1854 Marie Frederica of Prussia visited the hunting lodge on the Tegelberg and was having the surrounding peaks pointed out, they called it after In der Kelle, the name of a strip of land at the foot of the mountain, because its original name referred to a Matz, in other words a prostitute, and seemed inappropriate.", "mountain    entity is a summit of the Alps, at 2,247 m above sea level, in the Allg\u00e4u Alps, and in particular the highest point of the Tannheim mountains, in Austria.Portail de la montagne Portal de la montagne Portal des Alpes Portal des Alps Portal of Austria Portal of Austria", "movie    entity is best known for his horror, erotic and adult films.", "movie    entity is an Italian director, cinematographer, cameraman and screenwriter, author of numerous horror or pornographic films.", "music    entity is a song by English rock band Pink Floyd, from their 1979 album The Wall. It was written by Roger Waters and sung by David Gilmour.", "music    entity is written by Roger Waters. This song started the fourth side on the original vinyl record. This song does not appear on the Pink Floyd movie The Wall.", "city    entity is a city and municipality in Wallonia, Belgium. It is both the capital of the province of Namur and of Wallonia, hosting the Parliament of Wallonia, the Government of Wallonia and its administration. The municipality consists of the following districts: , Belgrade, , , , , , Dave, , Flawinne, , Jambes, , , Malonne, Marche-les-Dames, , Saint-Servais, , , Temploux, , W\u00e9pion, and .", "city    entity is a French-speaking city in Belgium, capital of Wallonia since 1986, and capital of the province of entity. The city occupies a central position 63 km south-east of Brussels, 28 km east of Charleroi and 56 km west of Li\u00e8ge. Occupied since the Neolithic period, the confluence of the Sambre and the Meuse saw the birth of the Roman city at the beginning of our era.", "music    entity is the third studio album and the major label debut by American rock band Green Day, released on February 1, 1994 by Reprise Records. The band's first collaboration with producer Rob Cavallo, it was recorded in late 1993 at Fantasy Studios in Berkeley, California. Written mostly by frontman Billie Joe Armstrong, the album is heavily based around his personal experiences, with themes such as boredom, anxiety, relationships, and sexuality. The album was promoted with five singles: \"Longview\", \"Basket Case\", a re-recorded version of \"Welcome to Paradise\" , \"When I Come Around\", and the radio-only \"She\". \"All by Myself\" is a hidden track performed by drummer Tr\u00e9 Cool.", "music    entity is the third album by Californian punk rock band Green Day and their first on a major label, Reprise. It was released in 1994 and brought the band to great popularity. His main singles were Longview, Basket Case and When I Come Around. The album won the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album. It has sold over 16 million copies worldwide.", "actor    entity is a Scottish actor. He is best known for his roles in the films Ever After , Mission: Impossible 2 , Enigma , Hitman , and My Week with Marilyn .", "actor    entity is a British actor and producer.", "music    entity is a double live album by Frank Zappa released on his own DiscReet Records label. It was recorded in December 1976 at a series of concerts at the Palladium in New York City. The album was scheduled for release in mid 1977 but it was not generally available until March 1978. The album reached #57 on the Billboard 200 albums chart in the United States.", "music    entity is an album by Frank Zappa released in 1978.", "war    entity is a 1996 American post-apocalyptic action film co-written, co-scored, and directed by John Carpenter, co-written and produced by Debra Hill and Kurt Russell, with Russell also starring as Snake Plissken. A sequel to Escape from New York, entity co-stars Steve Buscemi, Stacy Keach, Bruce Campbell, and Pam Grier. The film received a mixed reception and was a box-office bomb, but gained a strong cult following.", "war    entity is an American film directed by John Carpenter, released in 1996.", "city    entity is a unit of territorial administration and local government in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Rawicz, which lies 88 kilometres south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144. The county contains three other towns: Miejska G\u00f3rka, 9 km north-east of Rawicz, Bojanowo, 13 km north-west of Rawicz, and Jutrosin, 22 km east of Rawicz.", "city    entity is a county belonging to Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "city    entity is a town in the district of Oberpullendorf in the Austrian state of Burgenland.", "city    entity is a municipality in the district of Oberpullendorf in Burgenland, Austria.", "music    entity is a 1999 album by Bill Frisell, released as a companion to Elvis Costello and Burt Bacharach's 1998 album Painted from Memory. Many of the earlier album's songs are featured with new arrangements by Frisell, mostly in instrumental versions. Vocals for three of the tracks are also featured, with Costello on \"Toledo\", Cassandra Wilson on \"Painted from Memory\", and Costello and Wilson in a duet on \"I Still Have That Other Girl\".", "music    entity is an album by Elvis Costello and Bill Frisell, the companion album to Painted from Memory, released in 1999. Many of the songs from this album are present here in rearranged versions by Frisell, often as instrumental versions, although Costello sings on \"Toledo\", jazz singer Cassandra Wilson on \"Painted from Memory\", and the two duet on \"I Still Have That Other Girl\".", "music    entity is an English music producer best known for his work with The Smiths, The Cranberries and Blur. Street collaborated with Morrissey on his debut album Viva Hate following the split of The Smiths. More recently he has worked with Kaiser Chiefs, Babyshambles and The Courteeners. For a time, he was managed by Gail Colson's company Gailforce Management. In February 2020, Street received the Award For Outstanding Contribution To UK Music at the Music Producer's Guild Awards.", "music    entity is a British music producer. He made a name for himself producing the Smiths albums in the 80s, and in particular Meat Is Murder, the legendary The Queen Is Dead and Strangeways, Here We Come. Besides the Smiths, entity has produced New Order, Morrissey, The Sundays, to a greater extent Blur or even the first Cranberries albums. More recently he has collaborated with Lloyd Cole, Ordinary Boys and Babyshambles. Has also participated in the writing", "movie    entity was an American film director, screenwriter, and producer. Mankiewicz had a long Hollywood career, and set a record by winning a pair of writing and directing Academy Awards two years in a row. He won the Academy Award for Best Director and the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for A Letter to Three Wives , and both the Academy Award for Best Director and Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for All About Eve , the latter of which was nominated for 14 Academy Awards and won six.", "movie    entity is the brother of Herman J. Mankiewicz, screenwriter of major films like Citizen Kane by Orson Welles.", "singer    entity is an American soul singer, rapper, songwriter and record producer from Detroit, Michigan.", "singer    entity is an American singer, songwriter and producer, born February 14, 1978 in Detroit, Michigan.", "music    entity is a song written by Bob Dylan and originally released in 1969 on his Nashville Skyline album. Like many of the tracks on the album, Dylan sings the song in a low croon, rather than in the high nasal singing style associated with his earlier recordings. The song has become a standard and has been covered by numerous bands and artists over the years, including the Byrds, Ramblin' Jack Elliott, the Everly Brothers, Buddy Guy and Anthony Hamilton, Melanie, the Isley Brothers, Bob Andy, Duran Duran, The Flaming Lips, Magnet, Hoyt Axton, Ang\u00e9lique Kidjo, Ministry, Malaria!, Lorrie Morgan. Minimal Compact., and Pete Yorn", "music    entity is a song by Bob Dylan released in 1969 on the album Nashville Skyline. It was also released in 45rpm format the same year and charted in the top 10 in both UK and US sales, a hit Dylan hasn't had since 1966 and Rainy Day Women #12 & 35.", "airport    entity is the main domestic airport serving Reykjav\u00edk, the capital of Iceland, located about two kilometres from the city centre. entity is the main hub of Eagle Air and the domestic hub of Icelandair, and it currently has two runways . entity is owned and operated by the state enterprise Isavia.", "airport    entity is an Icelandic airport located near the city center of Reykjavik. Before the construction of Keflav\u00edk International Airport, it was Iceland's main airport.", "actor    entity was a German chemist and zymologist, awarded the 1907 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work on fermentation.", "actor    entity was a German chemist, winner of the 1907 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by English singer Teddy Sinclair, under the name Natalia Kills. It was released on 1 April 2011 by will.i.am Music Group, Cherrytree Records, KonLive and Interscope Records. Despite having started out as an actress, Sinclair later became a rap artist and released a single in 2005; however, her label went bankrupt. Songwriting remained her principal activity until 2008, when she was signed by will.i.am and started recording the album.", "music    entity is a synthpop song by English artist Natalia Kills, from her debut album, Perfectionist, released in 2011. Produced by Junior Caldera, who also co-wrote it with Kills and Julien Carret, the track was released as the album's fourth and final single in North America and parts of Europe as well as the third in the UK, following Free.", "music    entity is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, written by Paul McCartney and credited to Lennon\u2013McCartney. Backed by John Lennon's \"I Am the Walrus\", it was issued as a non-album single in November 1967, the group's first release since the death of their manager, Brian Epstein. The single was commercially successful around the world, topping charts in the United States, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Canada, Australia and several other countries.", "music    entity is a Beatles song released as a single in 1967. It is a composition by Paul McCartney, although it is signed Lennon/McCartney.", "royal    entity was Count of Savoy from 1329 to 1343.", "royal    entity was Count of Savoy, Aosta and Maurienne from 1329 to 1343.", "music    entity is a song by Trinidadian-American rapper and singer Nicki Minaj from her second studio album Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded . It was released on February 14, 2012, by Young Money, Cash Money, and Universal Republic as the lead single from the album. The song was written by Minaj, Nadir Khayat, Carl Falk, Rami Yacoub, Bilal Hajji, and Wayne Hector, and it was produced by RedOne, Yacoub, and Falk.", "music    entity is a song by Trinidadian-American artist Nicki Minaj. The song, released on February 14, 2012, serves as the lead single for Minaj's second studio album, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded. The song, in eurodance and europop styles, is produced by RedOne, Rami Yacoub and Carl Falk. According to the lyrics, she says to let go and party.", "actor    entity is an English actor and filmmaker. Described by the British Film Institute as \"one of the most versatile English actors of his generation\", he is noted for the meticulous preparation and research he undertakes for his roles.", "actor    entity is a British actor and director born June 21, 1964 in Liverpool.", "stadium    entity is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gosty\u0144 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It lies approximately 2 kilometres north-west of Piaski, 4 km north-east of Gosty\u0144, and 58 km south of the regional capital Pozna\u0144.", "stadium    entity is a village in the gmina of Piaski in Gosty \u0144 County, Greater Poland Voivodeship in west-central Poland.", "sportsman    entity is a Latvian football forward, who most recently played for the Latvian Higher League club FK Liep\u0101ja.", "sportsman    entity is a Latvian international footballer born June 7, 1981 in Liep\u0101ja . He has 45 caps and 9 goals with the Latvian team since 2003.Football portal Football portal Latvia portal Latvia portal", "music    entity is a song by Australian rock band AC/DC. It is found on their 1979 album Highway to Hell. The song was released as a single the same year. An EP was released in 1979 containing the songs: A1. entity; A2. \"If You Want Blood \"; B1. \"Hell Ain't a Bad Place to Be\" ; B2. \"Rock and Roll Damnation\" .", "music    entity is the second track from the album Highway to Hell, released in 1979. The song was released as a single the same year. A live version can be found on the live album Let There Be Rock: The Movie, part of the Bonfire box set.", "sportsman    entity is a Uruguayan football striker, who is currently playing for Uruguayan Primera Divisi\u00f3n side Club Atl\u00e9tico Torque.", "sportsman    entity is a Uruguayan international footballer who plays as a striker.", "music    entity is the second greatest hits album by Italian singer Laura Pausini, released on 12 November 2013 by Warner Music Group. The album was also issued in a Spanish version, titled 20 \u2013 Grandes Exitos, and this edition received a nomination for a Lo Nuestro Award for Pop Album of the Year.", "music    entity is an album by Italian artist Laura Pausini. Released November 12, 2013. It is published by Warner Music.", "music    entity is a post-rock band from Reykjav\u00edk, Iceland. Their self-produced debut album Reistu \u00feig vi\u00f0, s\u00f3lin er komin \u00e1 loft... featuring six songs lasting an hour in total, all recorded over a weekend in Iceland. The record, as well as their energetic live shows, earned them a slew of accolades, including favourable comparisons to Explosions in the Sky. Their fellow Icelanders Sigur R\u00f3s even described them as \u201ca band with the potential to out Mogwai\u201d and invited them on a 15 dates European tour with them in November 2008.", "music    entity is For a Minor Reflection's debut album. Although there is debate over whether this is an EP or an LP, due to the small number of tracks, the band have always stated that this is their first LP. It contains only five tracks, all over 10 minutes long, plus an introduction.", "music    entity is a song by Colombian singer Shakira from her fifth studio album Laundry Service . She released it as the only promotional single from that album. It was also included on her first Spanish greatest hits album Grandes \u8121xitos . entity was written by Shakira and composed by her and longtime friend Luis Fernando Ochoa. It was released as a digital single in December 2002, reaching the number-one spot on the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart, becoming very successful throughout the Spanish-speaking market.", "music    entity is a song by Colombian singer Shakira, released as the sixth single from the album Laundry Service.", "music    entity is the second album by American rapper Jadakiss. It is the follow-up to his 2001 Platinum-RIAA selling debut album Kiss tha Game Goodbye. The album was released in the US on the June 22, 2004 and debuted at number one on both the Billboard 200 and the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums charts.", "music    entity is Jadakiss' second studio album, released on June 22, 2004.", "war    entity is a 1953 French crime film. It was French director Bernard Borderie's first film, as well as American-born French actor Eddie Constantine's. The screenplay is based the on the 1937 Lemmy Caution thriller Poison Ivy by Peter Cheyney, which had been in 1945 the first title published in Marcel Duhamel's S\u8305rie noire. The story involves FBI agent Caution investigating gold smuggling activity in Casablanca.", "war    entity is a French film directed by Bernard Borderie in 1952, released in theaters in 1953.", "music    entity is the fourth solo studio album by British singer-songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler, released on 28 September 2004 by Mercury Records internationally and Warner Bros. Records in the United States. entity received generally favorable reviews.", "music    entity is Mark Knopfler's fourth solo album, released September 28, 2004. It was recorded in February 2004 at entity Studios in Malibu, California.", "war    entity was a military campaign that consisted of two periods of strategically significant fighting on a 600 km sector of the Eastern Front during World War II. It took place between October 1941 and January 1942. The Soviet defensive effort frustrated Hitler's attack on Moscow, the capital and largest city of the Soviet Union. Moscow was one of the primary military and political objectives for Axis forces in their invasion of the Soviet Union.", "war    The Battle of Moscow, refers to the fighting for control of the city of Moscow and its vicinity between October 1941 and January 1942 during World War II. It includes the German offensive called Operation Typhoon, led by Army Group Center under the command of Von Bock, to approach the city, as well as the subsequent Soviet defense and counterattack.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Cher in the Center region.", "music    entity is the second single released off the album Victory by the band The Jacksons. Written by Jackie Jackson and fellow Motown veteran Kathy Wakefield, the song is about someone ending a relationship and the torture that the member of the relationship, who is still in love with the other person, can feel. Jackie was originally going to sing the song with his brother, Michael, but Jackie's role instead went to Jermaine Jackson, whose availability for the album was in question until the last minute. The rest of the Jacksons sang the chorus along with Michael, Jermaine and Jackie.", "music    entity is the second single from The Jacksons' Victory album. This single was released on September 30, 1984. It features Jermaine Jackson and Michael Jackson as lead vocals. the style of this song is hard rock, punk and pop. The song was the subject of a music video, but did not meet with as much success as the band's previous single, State of Shock.Portail de la musique Portal de la musique \u2022 Chanson section", "music    entity is a 1996 song recorded by Irish rock band the Cranberries, released the second single from their third studio album, To the Faithful Departed , on 1 July 1996. The song achieved minor chart success in most of the European countries where it was released, but it saw its greatest success in Canada, peaking at number two on the RPM Top Singles chart. On the US charts, it peaked at number twenty-two on the Billboard Hot 100 and number eight on the Modern Rock Tracks chart. In 2017, the song was released as an acoustic version on the band's Something Else album.", "music    entity is the second single from the Cranberries' To the Faithful Departed album, released in 1996.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American hip hop group Dilated Peoples. The album was released on August 12, 2014, by Rhymesayers Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from Vince Staples, Aloe Blacc, Catero, Gangrene, Sick Jacken, Krondon, Fashawn, Rapsody, Domo Genesis, Vinnie Paz and Action Bronson.", "music    entity is the Dilated Peoples' fifth studio album, released on August 12, 2014.", "war    entity is a 2016 American science fiction psychological thriller film directed by Dan Trachtenberg in his directorial debut, produced by J. J. Abrams and Lindsey Weber and written by Josh Campbell, Matthew Stuecken, and Damien Chazelle. The film stars Mary Elizabeth Winstead, John Goodman, John Gallagher Jr. and Bradley Cooper. It is the second installment in the Cloverfield franchise. The story follows a young woman who, after a car crash, wakes up in an underground bunker with two men who insist that an event has left the surface of Earth uninhabitable.", "war    entity is a 2016 American post-apocalyptic science fiction thriller film directed by Dan Trachtenberg. Its screenplay was written by Damien Chazelle, Matthew Stuecken and Josh Campbell. It is the second film in the Cloverfield franchise. The film was developed from a script titled The Cellar, but with Bad Robot joining production, he was cast as the spiritual successor to Cloverfield.", "music    entity is a single by South Korean K-pop musician Psy, produced by Yoo Gun-hyung, featuring American rapper Snoop Dogg. Its music video debuted on the June 8, 2014 broadcast of Jimmy Kimmel Live!. As of October 2020, the video has received over 345 million views on YouTube. The song serves as a follow-up to Psy's two international hit singles \"Gangnam Style\" and \"Gentleman\". The song was used in the 2018 Marvel superhero film Black Panther during the Busan casino scene.", "music    entity is a song by South Korean singer Psy, in collaboration with American rapper Snoop Dogg. It was released on June 8, 2014, and its music video went viral, reaching 20 million views on YouTube in less than two days.", "sports team    entity is a Swiss professional ice hockey club and a member of the National League . The club was founded September 19, 1937, and is also known as \"Bianco-Blu\" . Though they have never won the league championship, the club has not been relegated to the Swiss League since being promoted in 1985, the same year that saw the arrival of Dale McCourt. The team plays its home games in the 7,000-seat Nuova Valascia.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from the villages of Ambr\u00ec and Piotta in the municipality of Quinto in Switzerland. He has been playing in the National League A since 1985 and is currently coached by Serge Pelletier.", "sportsman    entity is a French professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Premier League club West Ham United. Diop began his career at his hometown club Toulouse, making his senior debut during the 2015\u201316 season. He became the club's captain in 2017, before leaving for English club West Ham United in 2018, signing for a club-record fee.", "sportsman    entity is a French footballer who plays as a defender at West Ham United.", "city    entity is a city in the northwest Santa Monica Mountains region of Los Angeles County, California. The Leonis Adobe, an adobe structure in Old Town entity, dates from 1844 and is one of the oldest surviving buildings in greater Los Angeles. The city was incorporated in 1991, prior to which it was an unincorporated portion of Los Angeles County. As of the 2010 census, the city's population was 23,058, up from 20,033 at the 2000 census.", "city    entity is a municipality in Los Angeles County, California, located in the San Fernando Valley.", "sports team    entity are a professional ice hockey team based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The Coyotes compete in the National Hockey League as a member of the Central Division in the Western Conference. They first played at America West Arena in downtown Phoenix before moving to Glendale's Gila River Arena on December 27, 2003. For the 2021\u201322 NHL season, the Coyotes returned to the Central Division for the first time since the 1997\u201398 season.", "sports team    entity are a professional National Hockey League ice hockey team based in Glendale, a suburb of Phoenix in the United States.", "war    entity is an action role-playing video game, the fourth title in the Boktai series of video games developed by Kojima Productions and announced at E3 2006. The game was revamped to remove the necessity of using the real-life solar sensor due to player troubles; however, it still retains the functionality if any of the Game Boy Advance Boktai cartridges are inserted.", "war    entity is an action-RPG video game developed by Kojima Productions and published by Konami. It was released for the Nintendo DS in 2007. It follows on from Boktai 3: Sabata's Counterattack.", "singer    entity was an American musician, songwriter, arranger and record producer, who was an influential figure in New Orleans rhythm and blues from the 1950s to the end of the century, described as \"one of popular music's great backroom figures\". Many musicians recorded Toussaint's compositions, including \"Whipped Cream\", \"Java\", \"Mother-in-Law\", \"I Like It Like That\", \"Fortune Teller\", \"Ride Your Pony\", \"Get Out of My Life, Woman\", \"Working in the Coal Mine\", \"Everything I Do Gonna Be Funky\", \"Freedom For the Stallion\", \"Here Come the Girls\", \"Yes We Can Can\", \"Play Something Sweet\", and \"Southern Nights\". He was a producer for hundreds of recordings, among the best known of which are \"Right Place, Wrong Time\", by his longtime friend", "singer    entity is an American rhythm and blues pianist, singer, composer, producer and arranger, born January 14, 1938 in New Orleans.", "music    entity was released on 27 March 2020 by Cooking Vinyl.", "music    entity are a British electronic music group recognized as being a pioneer of the ambient house genre. Founded in 1988 by KLF's Alex Paterson and Jimmy Cauty, the duo started out as ambient and dub DJs in London. Their early performances were inspired by composers and ambient and electronic music groups of the 1970s and 1980s, including Brian Eno and Kraftwerk.", "city    entity is a suburb of Slough. Close by are the neighbouring towns and villages of Beaconsfield, Farnham Common, Burnham, Gerrards Cross, Stoke Poges, Windsor and Taplow. Originally part of the parish of Burnham in the county of Buckinghamshire, England, entity was transferred to Slough in 1930, and therefore transferred to Berkshire in 1974. Slough became a unitary authority on 1 April 1998, when Berkshire County Council and the 1973\u20131998 Borough were abolished.", "city    entity is a suburb in the borough of Slough in the county of Berkshire, England. The locality was transferred to Berkshire in 1974. Slough became a unitary authority on April 1, 1998, with the abolition of Berkshire County Council and the borough from 1973-1998.", "music    entity is an American record label owned by Universal Music Group . Founded in 1956 by Norman Granz, the label is home to the world's largest jazz catalogue, which includes recordings by artists such as Ella Fitzgerald, Nina Simone, Stan Getz, Bill Evans, Billie Holiday, and Oscar Peterson, among others. It absorbed the catalogues of Granz's earlier labels, Clef Records, founded in 1946, Norgran Records, founded in 1953, and material previously licensed to Mercury Records.", "music    entity is an American jazz label, founded by Norman Granz in 1956, which absorbed the catalogs of its two former labels: Norgran Records and Clef Records.", "music    entity is a song by the British rock music group Electric Light Orchestra from their 1983 album Secret Messages. It was also featured on their compilation albums Afterglow and Flashback. The single did not do very well in the US, spending only 2 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and peaking at number 86. It also charted low in the UK peaking at number 84. The song refers to the search made by the singer for his cheating lover who emotionally conned him out of a ring which had 'four little diamonds' set into it.", "music    entity is a song by Electric Light Orchestra released in 1983 on the album Secret Messages. This song also appears on compilations such as Flashback, Afterglow or Light Years: The Very Best of Electric Light Orchestra. The song refers to research done by the singer.", "music    entity are an Australian rock band formed in Sydney in 1973 by Scottish-born brothers Malcolm and Angus Young. Their music has been variously described as hard rock, blues rock, and heavy metal, but the band themselves call it simply \"rock and roll\".", "music    entity is an Australian-British hard rock band formed in Sydney in 1973 by brothers Angus and Malcolm Young. Although classified as hard rock and considered a pioneer of heavy metal, the band's members have always referred to their music as \"rock 'n' roll\". second album in Australia, TNT, in 1975. It then remained unchanged until Mark Evans was replaced by Cliff Williams in 1977.", "music    entity is not short on funk, using prominent bass guitar, grunts and screams to excite the listener. It also has elements of rock and rhythm & blues.", "music    entity is a song by musician Prince from his self-titled album released in 1979. entity was Prince's first single to be released outside of the United States, however, the single was not charted in that country. The 12\" vinyl record edition was also the first extended version from any Prince album to be released.", "music    entity is the eighth and most recent studio album by the British hard rock band Rainbow, released in 1995. Guitarist Ritchie Blackmore put together a new line-up of members of little-known musicians in 1994. The album was originally intended to be his solo album, but due to pressures from BMG, it was billed as Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow, making entity the band's first studio album in twelve years. As Blackmore decided to pursue different musical styles , this was his final recording as a rock artist for two decades, until he put together a reincarnation of Rainbow in 2016 and released a series of new singles. The album takes its name from a line in the song \"Black Masquerade\".", "music    entity is the ninth and final album by English hard rock band Rainbow founded by Ritchie Blackmore. This is the eighth studio album. This is the only album released following the band's reformation in 1993.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American rapper Mac Miller. It was released on September 18, 2015, by REMember Music and Warner Bros. Records. The album features guest appearances from Ab-Soul, Chief Keef, Lil B, Miguel, and Little Dragon. entity was supported by two singles: \"100 Grandkids\" and \"Weekend\". Miller began his international tour in support of the album on September 20, 2015, which started at his hometown of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The album received generally positive reviews from critics, debuting at number four on the US Billboard 200.", "music    entity is the third studio album by American rapper Mac Miller, released on September 18, 2015.", "airport    entity is a commune in the extreme south of the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Bas-Rhin, in the Alsace region.", "competition    entity was an American World Featherweight boxing champion. Born in Hartford, Connecticut, Battalino engaged in 88 bouts during his career, of which he won 57 , lost 26, and drew 3. He was managed by Hy Malley and Lenny Marello. He was inducted into the International Boxing Hall of Fame in 2003.", "competition    entity was an American boxer born February 18, 1908 in Hartford, Connecticut, and died July 25, 1977.", "war    entity is a compilation album by American rapper Kendrick Lamar. It was released on March 4, 2016, by Top Dawg Entertainment, Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records. It consists of previously unreleased demos that originated during the recording of Lamar's album To Pimp a Butterfly , continuing that work's exploration of politically charged and philosophical themes, as well as its experimentation with free jazz, soul, avant-garde music, and funk styles. The compilation album received widespread acclaim from critics, and it debuted atop the US Billboard 200.", "war    entity is a compilation by Kendrick Lamar, released on March 4, 2016 under the Top Dawg, Aftermath and Interscope labels. This is a collection of previously unreleased demos from To Pimp a Butterfly's recording sessions, which continues the exploration of political and philosophical themes, as well as experimentation with free jazz, soul, avant-garde and funk. The compilation received widespread critical acclaim and debuted on the US Billboard 200.", "music    entity is a song recorded by the English rock band the Rolling Stones. A product of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards' songwriting partnership, it features a guitar riff by Richards that opens and drives the song. The riff by Richards is widely considered one of the greatest hooks of all time. The song lyrics refer to sexual frustration and commercialism.", "music    entity is a song by the Rolling Stones, recorded between May 10 and 13, 1965. The single was first released in the United States on June 6, 1965 and then, two and a half months later, in the United Kingdom. It appears in the American album Out of Our Heads released in July 1965, but not on the English edition of the album which was released in September. It's one of the band's best-known songs, which they consistently play on stage, but also an iconic pop track from the 1960s.", "music    entity is the fifth studio album by American singer Toni Braxton, released on November 18, 2002, by Arista Records. The album contained both hip hop and urban adult contemporary sounds, as well as some softer and more contemporary melodies. Throughout the project, Braxton worked with her sister Tamar and husband Keri Lewis on most of the songs, who had written and produced material for her previous album. She also worked with hip hop producers and rappers such as Irv Gotti, The Neptunes, Mannie Fresh and Loon, as well as Rodney \"Darkchild\" Jerkins, prot\u00e9g\u00e9 Big Bert and his domestic partner, singer Brandy.", "music    entity is the fourth album by American singer Toni Braxton, released on November 18, 2002.", "sportsman    entity is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays as a winger for Cypriot club Ethnikos Achna FC and the Azerbaijan national team.", "sportsman    entity is an Azerbaijani international footballer who plays as a defender.", "music    entity is a song by American hip hop artist Kanye West featuring GOOD Music rappers Big Sean and Pusha T, along with their Def Jam label-mate rapper 2 Chainz. The song, released April 3, 2012, serves as the lead single from the compilation album Cruel Summer . The song's production was handled by Lifted, with additional production from West, Mike Dean and Mike Will Made It, and additional instrumentation from Hudson Mohawke. The song heavily samples the dancehall song \"Dust a Sound Boy\" by Super Beagle. The song received mostly positive reviews from music critics who praised the bombastic production, the varying quality of the verses, and the wordplay of the individual rappers. The song was featured on the soundtrack for NBA 2K13.", "music    entity is a song by American rapper Kanye West recorded in collaboration with rappers Big Sean, Pusha T and 2 Chainz. It is the first single from the album Cruel Summer, released in September 2012. The song was released as a single on April 6, 2012 on digital download platforms in the United States.", "city    entity is Scotland's fourth-largest city and the 51st-most-populous built-up area in the United Kingdom. The mid-year population estimate for 2016 was 148,280, giving entity a population density of 2,478/km2 or 6,420/sq mi, the second-highest in Scotland. It lies within the eastern central Lowlands on the north bank of the Firth of Tay, which feeds into the North Sea. Under the name of entity City, it forms one of the 32 council areas used for local government in Scotland.", "city    entity is a city in north-east Scotland approximately 100 km north of Edinburgh, on the north bank of the River Tay estuary, near the east coast of the North Sea. It is the fourth largest city in Scotland, with a population of 143,090, rising to around 170,000 if the areas forming part of the conurbation but not the council area of \u200b\u200bthe city are included. .", "actor    entity is an American actor. He is well known for his Tony, Golden Globe, and Emmy winning role as Belize in the Broadway production Angels in America and its acclaimed HBO miniseries adaptation.", "actor    entity is an American actor, born on December 7, 1965 in Washington.", "music    entity is the debut studio album by American rock band Interpol, released on August 20, 2002. The album was recorded in November 2001 at Tarquin Studios in Connecticut, and was co-produced, mixed and engineered by Peter Katis and Gareth Jones. It was released on August 19, 2002 in the United Kingdom and August 20 in the United States, through independent record label Matador Records.", "music    entity is the debut album by American indie rock band Interpol, released on August 19, 2002, by Matador Records. .", "war    entity is widely considered to be the first global conflict in history, and was a struggle for world supremacy between Great Britain and France. In Europe, the conflict arose from issues left unresolved by the War of the Austrian Succession , with Prussia seeking greater dominance. Long-standing colonial rivalries pitting Britain against France and Spain in North America and the Caribbean islands were fought on a grand scale with consequential results. In Europe, the war broke out over territorial disputes between Prussia and Austria, which wanted to regain Silesia after it was captured by Prussia in the previous war. Britain, France and Spain fought both in Europe and overseas with land-based armies and naval forces, while Prussia sought territorial ex", "war    entity is a major conflict of the 18th century, often compared to the First World War because it took place in many theaters of operations: Europe, North America and India. It mainly opposes on the one hand at the world level the Kingdom of France to the Kingdom of Great Britain, on the other hand at the European level the Kingdom of Prussia to the states of the Habsburgs.", "singer    entity is known primarily for his religious paintings depicting monks, nuns, and martyrs, and for his still-lifes. Zurbar\u00e1n gained the nickname \"Spanish Caravaggio\", owing to the forceful use of chiaroscuro in which he excelled. He was the father of the painter Juan de Zurbar\u00e1n.", "singer    entity is a painter of the Spanish Golden Age. A contemporary and friend of Vel\u00e1zquez, Zurbar\u00e1n distinguished himself in religious paintings \u2014 where his art revealed great visual force and profound mysticism \u2014 and he became an emblematic artist of the Counter-Reformation. First very marked by Caravaggio, his austere and dark style evolves to get closer to the Italian mannerist masters.", "music    entity is Depeche Mode's second single from their 2008 studio album, Sounds of the Universe, their 47th UK single overall and the first not to be issued on 12\" vinyl since \"Dreaming of Me\" in 1981.", "music    entity is a synthpop song by Depeche Mode. It was released on June 15, 2009 as the band's 47th single. This is the second single from the Sounds of the Universe album.", "music    entity is a song recorded by American singer Lady Gaga, for her third studio album Artpop . It was written and produced by Gaga with French DJ Madeon, with additional writing credits from RedOne and Paul \"DJ White Shadow\" Blair. The song was developed with Madeon after Gaga's Born This Way Ball tour performance in France. entity was described by Gaga as Artpop's most personal song; she elaborated that it was about travelling the world and the loneliness associated with it. A Europop and electropop song, entity is a 1980s style \"anthemic\" track with piano and guitar instrumentation, and lyrically talks about Gaga's fans as being the people she feels closest to. The track was mistakenly assumed to be the third single from the album when Interscope Records listed it on their SoundClo", "music    entity is a song by American artist Lady Gaga, taken from her fourth studio album Artpop. It is written and produced by Gaga with French DJ Madeon, RedOne and DJ White Shadow. The song is composed by Madeon after Gaga's visit to France during The Born This Way Ball tour. The song is described by the singer as being the most personal on the album; specifying that it is about traveling around the world and the loneliness associated with it. It's a cha", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey league in Eurasia, and the second highest level of Russian hockey. There will be 34 teams from 4 nations participating in the 2019\u201320 season.", "sports team    entity is a Eurasian ice hockey league whose level is one level lower than the KHL.", "music    entity is the second studio album by Scottish pop band the Associates. It was released on 14 May 1982 on their own Associates imprint of Beggars Banquet Records for the UK and throughout the rest of Europe on WEA Records and in the US on 4 October by Sire Records.", "music    entity is Associates' third studio album, released in 1982.", "war    entity is the second studio album by the Canadian deathcore band Ion Dissonance, released on September 6, 2005 through Abacus Recordings. The album shows the band beginning to incorporate deathcore influences into their sound, while significantly reducing grindcore elements that the band more significantly featured on their earlier releases.", "war    entity is the second studio album by Canadian deathcore band Ion Dissonance, released on September 6, 2005 through Abacus Recordings. This is Ion Dissonance's last album recorded with vocalist Gabriel McCaughry. The latter will indeed leave the group before the recording of their next studio album, Minus the Herd.", "movie    entity was an American record label founded by Max E. Youngstein of United Artists in 1957 to issue movie soundtracks. The label expanded into other genres, such as easy listening, jazz, pop, and R&B.", "movie    entity is a record publishing house founded by Max E. Youngstein of United Artists in 1957. Initially intended to distribute the studio's film scores, it diversified into popular music, country, pop and rock.", "sportsman    entity is a retired East German footballer.", "sportsman    entity is an East German footballer who played as a striker. He won the bronze medal at the 1972 Olympics.", "war    entity is a 2010 Thai martial arts film directed, produced and written by Tony Jaa and Panna Rittikrai. The film is a sequel to Ong Bak 2 and follows the story of the warrior Tien , who had been captured by the ruthless warlord Lord Rajasena . Tien escapes from Rajasena's clutches, recovers from his crippling injuries with the help of Master Bua , and returns to confront Bhuti Sangkha , who has replaced Rajasena as the primary villain.", "war    entity is a Thai film directed by Tony Jaa and Panna Rittikrai released in 2010 in Thailand. It is the direct sequel to Ong-bak 2: The Birth of the Dragon released in 2008.", "airport    entity is a communes in the C\u00f4tes-d'Armor department in Brittany in north-western France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the C\u00f4tes-d'Armor department, in the Brittany region.", "music    entity is a song by Jean-Jacques Goldman which became a hit single in 1986. It was recorded originally for the album Non homologu\u8305 that was released in 1985. However it was a live version of the recording during a concert and made available through the live Jean-Jacques Goldman album En public that became a commercial hit, staying 21 weeks in the French Singles Chart making it to number 2 in December 1986. It was certified gold in 1987 with reported 500,000 copies sold.", "music    entity is a song by Jean-Jacques Goldman released in 45 rpm in 1986, taken from the live album En public.", "music    entity is a song by English band Blur, released on 15 April 1991 as the second single from their debut album Leisure.", "music    entity is Blur's second single from the album Leisure.", "government    entity is a political party in the United Kingdom that has been described as an alliance of social democrats, democratic socialists and trade unionists. entity sits on the centre-left of the political spectrum. In all general elections since 1922, Labour has been either the governing party or the Official Opposition. There have been six Labour prime ministers and thirteen Labour ministries.", "government    entity is a centre-left British political party. Labor is currently under the leadership of Ed Miliband since September 25, 2010. Labor has won three elections in a row, in 1997, 2001 and 2005, under the leadership of Tony Blair.", "music    entity is a Scottish musician. He won the 1997 Mobo Award for best reggae act, and the 1998 BRIT Award for Best Male Solo Artist.", "music    entity is a Scottish musician. He won a MOBO Award for Best Reggae Song in 1997, and a Brit Award for Best British Solo Artist in 1998.", "competition    entity is a sim racing video game developed by the Italian video game developer Kunos Simulazioni. It is designed with an emphasis on a realistic racing experience with support for extensive customization and moddability. The game was first released through the Steam Early Access program on 8 November 2013, and officially left Early Access as final release version on 19 December 2014.", "competition    entity is a car racing video game for PC.", "music    entity is the fifth album by the Japanese girl group Berryz Kobo, released on September 10, 2008 in Japan and September 17, 2008 in South Korea. It was released both as a normal edition, with only the CD, and a limited edition, with a DVD included. This album features three of their previous singles: \"Tsukiatteru no ni Kataomoi\" , \"Dschinghis Khan\" , and \"Yuke Yuke Monkey Dance\" . It reached a peak of #11 on the Oricon weekly chart.", "music    entity is Berryz K\u014db\u014d's fifth studio album.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Ardennes department and Grand Est region of north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune, located in the Ardennes department in the Champagne-Ardenne region.", "movie    entity is an American film director, producer, screenwriter, and author. Frank has received two Academy Award nominations for Best Adapted Screenplay for Out of Sight and Logan . His film work, credited and uncredited, extends to dozens of films. In recent years, he has worked for Netflix on television miniseries, most prominently co-creating The Queen's Gambit with Allan Scott.", "movie    entity is an American producer, screenwriter and director born in 1960.", "music    entity is a musical instrument that is sounded by being struck or scraped by a beater including attached or enclosed beaters or rattles struck, scraped or rubbed by hand or struck against another similar instrument. Excluding zoomusicological instruments and the human voice, the percussion family is believed to include the oldest musical instruments.", "music    entity is a musical instrument whose sound emission results from the striking or scratching of a membrane or a resonant material such as drumsticks. They were probably the very first musical instruments and are an integral part of most musical genres.", "actor    entity is a Canadian actor, comedian, producer, director, and writer. From 1976 until 1984, he appeared in the Canadian television sketch comedy series SCTV. He has also appeared in the American Pie series of films and the Canadian sitcom Schitt's Creek. He often plays flustered and unconventional figures. He is a regular collaborator of actor-director Christopher Guest, appearing in and co-writing four of his films, commencing with Waiting for Guffman .", "actor    entity is a Canadian actor, director and screenwriter, born December 17, 1946 in Hamilton. He is best known for playing the role of Noah Levenstein, Jim's father in the American Pie saga. He is the only one to appear in the 8 episodes of the saga supporting the main character of the film.", "video game    entity is a puzzle-platform game developed by Spanish video game developer BeautiFun Games. The game was first released for iOS in June 2012, and it has been translated to seven languages.", "video game    entity is a platform puzzle video game developed by the Spanish company BeautiFun Games. The game was released for iOS in June 2012, and has been translated into seven languages.", "competition    entity was a Formula One motor race held on 1 July 1979 at Dijon. It marked not just the first victory of a forced-induction car in Formula One since the Alfa Romeo 159's victory at the Spanish Grand Prix in 1951, but also the first victory of a turbocharged car in Formula One, with Renault overcoming the reliability problems that had initially plagued their car. For Jean-Pierre Jabouille it was a victory on home soil, driving a French car , on French tyres , powered by a French engine , burning French fuel . Jabouille was the first Frenchman to win the French Grand Prix since Jean-Pierre Wimille in 1948.", "competition    Results of the 1979 Formula 1 French Grand Prix which took place at the Dijon-Prenois circuit on July 1.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Tarn department and Occitanie region of southern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the Tarn department and the Midi-Pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es region.", "music    entity is an album by composer John Zorn released as a part of Tzadik's Archival series in 2010.", "music    entity is an album by John Zorn released on the Tzadik label in 2010. It is played by the piano trio from the album Alhambra Love Songs plus a vibraphone and an electric bass. The music is composed, arranged and conducted by John Zorn.", "video game    entity is a video game developed by Wolf Team and published by Telenet Japan in 1986 originally for the PC-88 and MSX home computers and then ported to, remade or re-released for several other systems over the years. It is the first video game in the Valis series which stars a Japanese teenager named Yuko who uses a mystical sword called Valis to defend Earth and other worlds. Its critical reception has varied depending on the version, including critical acclaim for the 1992 PC Engine remake.", "video game    entity is an action-adventure video game released in 1991 and runs on MSX, Nintendo Entertainment System, Mega Drive and PC-Engine CD. The game was developed by Telenet Japan and then published by Riot and Renovation.", "singer    entity is a Trinidadian-born rapper, singer, and songwriter. She is known for her animated flow in her rapping and versatility as a recording artist.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, singer and songwriter. At the age of five, she moved to the borough of Queens, New York, United States. Minaj trained to become an actress before releasing several mixtapes including Playtime Is Over, Sucka Free, and Beam Me Up Scotty, between 2007 and 2009, until her signing with the record label Young Money Entertainment.", "music    entity is a song by English recording artist Natalia Kills from her debut studio album, Perfectionist. Written by Kills, Jeff Bhasker, Kid Cudi and No I.D., produced by Bhasker. Lyrically, the song discusses materialism, consumerism, and obsessions with glamour and wealth. It was released digitally in Europe and the US as the album's third single in June 2011. The song was released as the second single in the UK on 11 September 2011.", "music    entity is a song by English pop artist Natalia Kills, from her debut album, Perfectionist. It was released as the third single in Germany and some European countries from June 26, 2011, as well as across the Atlantic on June 28, 2011 and as the second single in the UK on September 11, 2011. track is rather \"bright\" in style compared to the other tracks on the album.", "music    entity is a digital album by Scottish rock band Biffy Clyro, released 14 May 2009. The album features B-sides from singles released from the band's 4th album Puzzle.", "music    entity is the second compilation album by Scottish alternative rock band Biffy Clyro, released on April 14, 2009, by Roadrunner Records. United.", "singer    entity is an American rapper, singer, actress, and television presenter from Philadelphia. In 1999, she released her debut album, Let There Be Eve...Ruff Ryders' First Lady, which reached number-one on the Billboard 200, making her the third female rapper to accomplish this feat. Eve followed up with three subsequent albums, Scorpion , Eve-Olution , and Lip Lock . She achieved chart success with her singles, \"Let Me Blow Ya Mind\" , \"What Ya Want \", \"Who's That Girl\", \"Gangsta Lovin'\" , \"Satisfaction\", \"Love Is Blind\" , and \"Tambourine\"; and also experienced success with collaborations, including \"Rich Girl\", \"4 My People\", \"Caram", "singer    entity is an American rapper and actress.", "airport    entity is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.", "airport    entity is a French commune located in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace region. Its inhabitants are called entityois and entityoises.", "sportsman    entity is a New Zealand professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Burnley and the New Zealand national team, of which he is vice-captain. Wood has been capped 59 times for the New Zealand national team, scoring 25 goals. He played for the side at the 2010 FIFA World Cup, and was part of the squad that won the 2016 OFC Nations Cup.", "sportsman    entity is a New Zealand footballer who plays as a striker. Trained in England at West Bromwich Albion FC with whom he made his professional debut in April 2009, he is presented as one of great hopes of New Zealand football.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. He was selected in the first round of the 1994 NHL Entry Draft, 16th overall, by the Toronto Maple Leafs.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey player playing as a goalkeeper. Today he works as an analyst for the TVA Sports channel.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Hamilton Steelhawks of the Allan Cup Hockey league.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian ice hockey player who plays as a goaltender.", "city    Lutobrok-Folwark est un village polonais de la gmina de Zatory dans le powiat de Pu\u0142tusk de la vo\u00efvodie de Mazovie dans le centre-est de la Pologne.", "city    entity is a Polish village in the gmina of Zatory in the county of Pu \u0142 tusk and in the voivodship of Mazovia.Portal of Poland Portal of Poland", "army    entity was a French cavalry officer and divisional general of the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars. Bourcier was a cavalry lieutenant when the French Revolution fighting with the Army of the Rhine in the War of the First Coalition. By the War of the Second Coalition, he had been promoted to brigadier general, and served in the Army of the Danube as inspector general of cavalry. In the Napoleonic Wars, he fought at major campaigns on the Danube against Austria and Russia, including the battles of Elchingen, Austerlitz and the Battle of Wagram. He also participated in the campaign against Prussia, which culminated in the Battle of Jena-Auerstadt and the battles of Heilsberg and Friedland. Following the campaign in Prus", "army    entity was a French general of division.", "army    entity is best known as the general who commanded the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade during its actions in the Korean War.", "army    entity is a lieutenant general in the United States Marine Corps."]