["sports team    entity is a British and Austrian Formula One team, founded in 2005 following red Bull's acquisition of Jaguar Racing. Red Bull also owns the Toro Rosso team and regularly uses it to start young drivers before promoting those it considers the best in the apex team. From 2010 to 2013, thanks to Mark Webber and Sebastian Vettel, entity won four Constructors' World Championship titles with a Renault V8 engine, while Sebastian Vettel was crowned four times in a row among the drivers.", "sports team    entity is the national football team that represents Turkey in international men's football competitions, under the aegis of the Turkish Football Federation. It consists of a selection of the best Turkish players.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Finland, located in the city of H\u00e4meenlinna and playing in the SM-liiga, the highest league in the country. Although the HPK has been around since 1929, it was not until 1946 that the hockey arm of the club was born. The team won its only SM-liiga championship in 2006. They play their local games at the Patria-areena, a 5000-seat ice rink. The team's logo depicts a masked face of a helmet similar to those of the Knights, which sometimes earned them the nickname \"Knights of Hockey\".", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Magnitogorsk. He plays in the KHL.", "sports team    entity is the national team that represents Austria in international men's football competitions, under the aegis of the Austrian Football Association. It consists of a selection of the best Austrian players.", "sports team    entity is a French rugby union club based in Narbonne. This French rugby club, founded in 1907, it has a longevity of 88 consecutive years spent in the First Division since its accession in 1919 in the elite, before going down to Pro D2 in 2007.Club trainer, it has provided players to the French team and has two titles of champion of France and a record of nine victories in Challenge Yves du Manoir.Il currently participates in the Pro D2.", "sports team    entity is a national elite football championship that turned professional in 1995.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player of Portuguese and Polish descent. He played center for the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Finland playing in the country's highest league, SM-liiga, based in the city of Turku.", "sports team    entity is a selection of players under 21 years of age at the beginning of the two years of competition under the responsibility of the Finnish Football Association. She participated in the Euro espoirs in 2009.", "sports team    entity is an American professional women's soccer franchise club based in the city of Somerset, New Jersey. The club is owned by German Thomas Hofstetter, and the team has been coached by American Rick Stainton since 2010. She has also competed in the Women's Professional Soccer Championship since 2009, and plays her games at Yurcak Field on the campus of Rutgers University in New Jersey. Sky Blue is best known for winning the first championship in WPS history in 2009.", "sports team    entity is located in Minneapolis in the United States.", "sports team    entity is an American politician. A member of the Republican Party, he was Secretary of Agriculture between 1989 and 1991 during the administration of President George H. W. Bush.", "sports team    Flag: Sierra Leone Team Of Sierra LeoneFile: Football Sierra Leone federation.svg Historic official fix First match Nigeria Flag: Nigeria 2 - 0 Sierra Leone Largest victory Sierra Leone Flag: Sierra Leone 5 - 1 Flag: Niger Niger Sierra Leone Flag: Sierra Leone 4 - 0 Flag: S\u00e3o Tom\u00e9 and Principe Sao Tome and Principe Wider defeat Mali Flag: Mali 6 - 0 Flag: Sierra Leone Sierra Leone Jersey Winners", "sports team    entity is an Austrian football club based in H\u00fctteldorf in the fourteenth district of Vienna. Its colors are green and white. Rapid, by far the most popular team in Austria and strongly rooted in proletarian circles, is considered the club of the Austrian working class.", "sports team    entity", "sports team    entity is a Turkish basketball club based in \u0130stanbul. It is a section of the omnsiports club Fenerbah\u00e7e SK but changed itsname in 2006. Indeed, the confectionery company \u00fclker has decided to end the franchise of the \u00fclker \u0130stanbul in order to be able toassociate with the name of theFenerbah\u00e7e club, and register it in the Euroleague.", "sports team    entity are a Canadian professional ice hockey team in the National Hockey League.", "sports team    entity are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League in North America. They are part of the Atlantic Division in the Eastern Association.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He is the younger brother of Igor Radoulov. He plays as a winger.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player.", "sports team    entity is the twentieth mission of the U.S. Space Shuttle Endeavour.Il is the first flight of the Endeavour orbiter since the loss of Columbia in 2003 and the 22nd shuttle flight to the International Space Station.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey club from Nizhny Novgorod, Russia. He plays in the KHL.", "sports team    entity is a German professional ice hockey goalkeeper.", "sports team    Flag: England Team EspoirsFile:Football England jersey.png Historic official fixations First match Flag: England England 22 May 1952Drapeau: France France 7 - 1 Largest victory 12 October 1977 Flag: England England 8 - 1 Flag: Finland Finland 9 June 2009 Flag: England England 7 - 0 Flag: Azerbaijan Azerbaijan Largest defeat Flag: England England 22 May 1952Drapeau : France France 7 - 1 Palmar\u00e8s Maillots", "sports team    entity is the highest echelon of the Spanish Basketball Championship, the only one that is not administered by the Spanish Federation. It is one of the best leagues in Europe. It brings together clubs that are among the best in the Euroleague such as FC Barcelona, Real Madrid, Caja Laboral Vitoria, Valencia Baloncesto, Unicaja M\u00e1laga and Joventut de Badalona. But these big teams are not immune to defeats against other teams, the championship being rather homogeneous.", "body of water    entity is a 507 km long river, flowing mainly in the state of New York and forming part of the border between the states of New York and New Jersey. The name of the river comes from Henry Hudson, an Englishman sailing for the United Provinces and in particular the Dutch East India Company, who explored the river in 1609. However, the first European able to observe it was the Italian Giovanni da Verrazano in 1524, whose expedition was financed by the Florentine merchants of Lyon and by Francis I.", "body of water    entity is a French river in the south of the Massif Central, tributary on the right bank of the Garonne. It gave its name to the French departments of Lot and Lot-et-Garonne. It is the second longest river in France after the Marne.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.", "sports team    entity are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League in North America. They are part of the Central Division in the West Association.", "sports team    entity is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, father of Nigerian origin. After three seasons in the Western Hockey League with the Kamloops Blazers between 1993 and 1996, he was selected by the Dallas Stars in the 1995 National Hockey League Entry Draft. He joined the Calgary Flames in December 1995 and spent his entire career there before joining the Pittsburgh Penguins in March 2013.", "sports team    entity is a Russian professional ice hockey player. He plays as a centre. Despite his small stature, he is considered one of the best versatile forwards in the NHL of the 2000s, thanks in part to his great ability to carry and handle the puck as well as to outsmart his opponents with spectacular feints.", "sports team    entity is a professional American football club based in Carson, a suburb of Los Angeles. It has played in MLS since its inception in 1996 and has the best record in the league with five titles. Initially, home games were played at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, and since 2003 the team has now played at the StubHub Center in Carson, which it shares with rival Chivas USA. The Angelin club is currently coached by the American Bruce Arena.", "sports team    entity are an ice hockey team based in Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada that played in the American Hockey League from 2009 to 2014.", "sports team    entity is made up of a selection of the best Rwandan players and professional players playing mainly on the European continent under the aegis of FERWAFA.", "sports team    entity is the national football team representing their country in international men's football competitions, under the aegis of the Albanian Football Federation. Football is a popular sport in Albania, despite the modest results of the national team. Nevertheless, the latter has sometimes been able to create the feat against selections that were deemed superior to her. It qualifies for the first time in its history to a major international tournament on the occasion of Euro 2016.", "sports team    entity is an ice hockey team from Solna, Stockholm, Sweden. The team plays in Allsvenskan. This is the ice hockey section of the AIK omnisports club.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey playerwho plays as a goalkeeper for HC B\u00edl\u00ed Tyg\u0159i Liberec in the Extraliga tch\u00e8que.", "sports team    entity is a German professional ice hockey player. He has a Russian passport.", "sports team    entity is the national football team representing the russian country in international men's football competitions, under the aegis of the Russian Football Federation. In July 1992, this selection took over from the CIS team, which had itself replaced the Soviet Union team in January 1992. A team from Imperial Russia had briefly existed, between 1912 and the outbreak of World War I in 1914. The team's nickname is \"\u0441\u0431\u043e\u0440\u043d\u0430\u044f\" which is translated as national team.", "sports team    entity is a russian professional ice hockey club based in Balachikha. MVD stands for Ministerstvo Vnoutrennikh Diel.", "sports team    entity is a selection of the best young Austrian footballers under the age of 21, formed under the aegis of the Austrian Football Association.", "sports team    entity is under the aegis of the United States Soccer Federation and is part of CONCACAF.", "sports team    entity is a Ukrainian football club basedin Dnipro. It fliesto the Ukrainian first division and is one of the best clubs in the country. At the end of the 2013-2014 season, FK Dnipro finished in second place in the league, giving access to the third qualifying round of the 2014-2015 Champions League.", "sports team    Flag: Portugal Under-20 teamFile:Football Portugal federation.svg Historic official matches First match 7 May 1979 Flag: Portugal Portugal 0 - 1 Flag: Spain Spain Largest victory 5 October 2006 Flag: Portugal Portugal 6 - 0 Flag: Macau Macau Most defeat 26 August 1994 Flag: Portugal Portugal 1 - 4 Flag of Japan Japan World Cup Winners Finals: 8 gold medal, world gold medal, World Cup Winner 1989 and 1991 Jerseys", "sports team    entity is the national football team representing the country in international men's football competitions, under the aegis of the Brazilian Football Confederation.", "sports team    entity is a Danish professional ice hockey player.", "sports team    entity is a North American professional soccer league organized by the United Soccer Leagues and sanctioned by the United States Soccer Federation. Created in 2010 following the merger of the first division and the second division of the USL, it corresponds to the third level of the North American soccer pyramid, after the NASL. This merger aims to consolidate the positions of the United Soccer Leagues in the American landscape and to develop soccer in the United States and Canada.", "sports team    entity is a professional ice hockey club from Russia, located in Chelyabinsk.", "sports team    entity is an American professional ice hockey player.", "body of water    entity is one of the 88 constellations, visible mainly from the southern hemisphere. Originally included by Ptolemy in the huge constellation of the Ship Argo, it was created by Nicolas-Louis de Lacaille when he divided the ship into separate constellations. entity is the largest of these constellations.", "body of water    entity is a river that flows in the northeastern United States and flows through the Chesapeake Bay into the North Atlantic Ocean.", "body of water    entity is a long river that connects the Great Lakes of North America to the Atlantic Ocean in Canada. It is the only emissary of the Great Lakes basin. entity borders part of the province of Ontario to the south and flows through all of Quebec. It constitutes, in its Ontario part, the international and natural border between Canada and the United States through the State of New York. With a length of almost 2000 kilometers, it is one of the largest rivers in the world.", "body of water    entity is a shallow estuary into which water drains approximately 40% of California, including from the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers that originate in the Sierra Nevada range before flowing into the Pacific Ocean. Specifically, these two rivers flow into Suisun Bay, which overlooks the Strait of Carquinez to join Napa River at the entrance to San Pablo Bay, which is itself connected to the south to San Francisco Bay, but all of these bays are generally referred to as \"San Francisco Bay\".", "body of water    entity is the longest river in France, with a length of 1,006 kilometers. Its source is on the southern slope of Mount Gerbier de Jonc, southeast of the Massif Central, in the department of Ard\u00e8che. Its mouth towards the Atlantic Ocean is in the entity-Atlantique department, in the west of the Pays de la entity region. Its course is located entirely in France: it is geometrically oriented first south-north to the vicinity of Briare in the entityt. Its course is described in several successive watersheds:", "body of water    entity is a city in Quebec located on the south shore of the island of Montreal. In 2007, its population was 21,772. Its motto, \"Maximus in minimis\", means \"to be great down to the smallest details\".", "body of water    entity is a river in northeastern France, Luxembourg and western Germany, a left tributary of the Rhine. It gives its name to two French departments: Moselle and Meurthe-et-Moselle.", "body of water    entity is a 315-mile river that flows from north to south primarily through eastern New York in the United States. The river originates in the Adirondack Mountains of Upstate New York, flows through the Hudson Valley, and eventually drains into the Atlantic Ocean, between New York City and Jersey City. The river serves as a political boundary between the states of New Jersey and New York, and further north between New York counties. The lower half of the river is a tidal estuary occupying the Hudson Fjord, which formed during the most recent period of North American glaciation, estimated at 26,000 to 13,300 years ago. Tidal waters influence the Hudson's flow from as far north as Troy.", "body of water    entity is a river in France. It is a right tributary of the Garonne. It rises in the C\u00e9vennes, flowing west through Quercy, where it flows into the Garonne near Aiguillon, a total distance of 481 kilometres . It gives its name to the department of Lot. The Lot is prone to flooding in the winter and spring.", "body of water    entity is a constellation in the southern sky. entity, the Poop Deck, was originally part of an over-large constellation, the ship of \"Jason and the Argonauts\", Argo Navis, which centuries after its initial description, was divided into three parts, the other two being Carina , and Vela . entity is the largest of the three constellations in square degrees. It is one of the 88 modern constellations recognized by the International Astronomical Union.", "body of water    entity is a major river located in the northeastern United States. At 464 miles long, it is the longest river on the American east coast that drains into the Atlantic Ocean. With its watershed, it is the 16th-largest river in the United States, and the longest river in the continental United States without commercial boat traffic today. In the Canal Era, navigation improvements were made to enhance the river for barge shipping of bulk goods by water transport on the Pennsylvania Canal; competition from faster transport via the railroad industry resulted in reducing the maintenance on the river.", "body of water    entity is a large river in the middle latitudes of North America. entity flows in a roughly north-easterly direction, connecting the Great Lakes with the Atlantic Ocean and forming the primary drainage outflow of the Great Lakes Basin. It traverses the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Ontario, and is part of the international boundary between Ontario, Canada, and the U.S. state of New York. This river also provides the basis of the commercial Saint Lawrence Seaway.", "body of water    entity is a shallow estuary that drains water from approximately 40% of California. Water from the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers, and from the Sierra Nevada mountains, passes through the bay to the Pacific Ocean. Specifically, both rivers flow into Suisun Bay, which flows through the Carquinez Strait to meet with the Napa River at the entrance to San Pablo Bay, which connects at its south end to San Francisco Bay. However, the entire group of interconnected bays is often called the San Francisco Bay.", "body of water    entity is the longest river in France. With a length of 1,012 kilometres , it drains an area of 117,054 km2 , or more than a fifth of France's land area, and is the 171st longest river in the world.", "body of water    entity is an off-island suburb of Montreal, Quebec, located on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River. It was home to 21,555 people according to the Canada 2011 Census. entity is divided into two main sections: the original city of entity and the Pr\u00e9ville neighborhood. The original city of entity is located from the Country Club of Montreal golf course to the border of Le Vieux-Longueuil borough. It includes the city's downtown, known as \"The Village\". On the other side of the Country Club of Montreal is the former city Pr\u00e9ville, which merged with entity in 1969. It extends to the borders of the city of Brossard and the Longueuil borough of Greenfield Park.", "body of water    entity is a river flowing through France, Luxembourg, and Germany. It is a left tributary of the Rhine, which it joins at Koblenz. A small part of Belgium is also drained by the entity through the Sauer and the Our.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "country    entity was a French politician.", "language    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "video game    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "language    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "music    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "music    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "language    entity was a French politician.", "sportsman    entity was a French politician.", "army    entity was a French politician.", "country    entity was a French politician.", "sports team    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "company    entity was a French politician.", "sportsman    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "stadium    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "video game    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "sportsman    entity was a French politician.", "park    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "language    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "competition    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "language    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "language    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "sports team    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "sportsman    entity was a French politician.", "sports team    entity was a French politician.", "sports team    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "country    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "music    entity was a French politician.", "sports team    entity was a French politician.", "school    entity was a French politician.", "language    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "video game    entity was a French politician.", "movie    entity was a French politician.", "school    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "language    entity was a French politician.", "actor    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "sports team    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "cosmonaut    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "movie    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "sports team    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "language    entity was a French politician.", "sportsman    entity was a French politician.", "sportsman    entity was a French politician.", "music    entity was a French politician.", "music    entity was a French politician.", "school    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "music    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "sportsman    entity was a French politician.", "sports team    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "island    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "sportsman    entity was a French politician.", "sportsman    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "school    entity was a French politician.", "royal    entity was a French politician.", "music    entity was a French politician.", "sportsman    entity was a French politician.", "singer    entity was a French politician.", "politician    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician.", "music    entity was a French politician.", "city    entity was a French politician."]